It is also totally incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skill .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences amongst people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills on its own - some have it , some do not .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , in accordance with utilising tests , and ranked .
Fundamentally , those who scored lower ranking for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed .
Though social media need not be necessarily bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , family , friends .
The types of use must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The space of separation between the parties must also be looked at .
For people who live very far from one another , the intensive use of social media is justified .
For those who live within the community should at least meet up , and not use social media as the primary source of communication with each other .
And at the same time , improves interpersonal skills , through dynamic practises between individuals and real presence .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a better rapport between those interacting .
Recently , the rise of social media has helped people to have more closer connection with each other . It is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face - to - face meetings .
In my opinion , social media websites such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chance for people to have face - to - face contact and thus negatively affect interpersonal skills .
On the other hand , it may even increase the chance of having face - to - face contacts among people .
First , social media networks have a big user base . It helps to link people from different parts of the world .
In the days without social networks , people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they have never met before .
The number of people that they know may only be limited to the people they meet in daily life , like classmates and working partners .
Therefore , social networks bring more and more connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they have never known before , and this helps to develop interpersonal skills as well .
Secondly , although social networking takes time for people to chat online but not face to face , they may still decide a time online to meet others face to face in daily life .
In this case , the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talking .
For example , if social networks do not exist , businesses need to meet each other face to face and it is time - consuming , even sometimes with business , that is not so important . It still takes a lot of time on travel , which is a wastage .
However , social networking helps people to meet and chat more easily . They can even use video chat and create group chat to chat with multiple parties at the same time .
Nowadays , even some companies conduct online video interviews with their applicants as it saves time and cost .
The social network may also create some negative impacts on people .
The largest negative impact is that , due to the online network , some people start to use and rely on the internet every minute .
They take too much time using online social networks and thus do not have time to have their daily meetings with people in their real life .
It not only affects interpersonal skills , but it is also bad for people 's health if one spends too much time on social media .
Secondly , social networks may leak certain personal information to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe , people may not protect their privacy online effectively and sometimes , some people may use others ' personal information to deceive .
In conclusion , despite the unsafe online environment , spending too much time on the internet may be the potential negative factor of using online social networks .
It provides people with a more convenient contact environment and improves the frequency of meetings with each other .
It also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chat .
Overall , there are more benefits than the costs .
The world is becoming flat by all kinds of social networking websites such as Facebook and Twitter .
We can even know what a friend who leaves thousands of miles away eats for lunch though these kinds of social media .
From some points of view , society really has a lot of advantages by letting us communicate with friends cheaper and more conveniently .
However , its disadvantages also can not be ingnored when you consider it as a platform to show off and a stage for cyber crime .
Social network sites provide us with many convenience .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends on the phone , we can know his of her latest news by surfing the webpage .
It can help us know more about each other .
It can make people become closer as well .
For example , if you find out one of your friend 's favourite singers is Justin Biber through facebook , you can give him or her Justin Biber 's new album or concert ticket as a birthday gift .
It will be really sweet and you two will surely become closer .
In addition , social networking sites can help you keep in touch with friends living very far away .
I met some Canadian friends in Egypt .
Without facebook , we may have lost contact .
However , thanks to facebook , I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they are doing recently as we live close to each other .
The disadvantages of social network media are quite undeniable .
Research shows that people will unconsciously hide their or their real thoughts when they or they say or post something that will be exposed to the public .
It means that one can not know another 's real thoughts and personality by reading things that he or she puts on social network media .
It will make him or her quite upset when they communicate in real life .
In addition , with all those " nice " guys around on the social network websites , one may neglect the people surrounding him or her but just communicate with friends on facebook .
It is a common scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look at their cellphone .
This kind of behaviour is not good for people 's psychological health , according to research .
Cyber communication is quite different to face - to - face communication and people who depend on cyber communication too much will not get used to real - life communication .
In addition , cyber relationships can not always work in real life .
With no close relationships in real life but only close cyber friends , one is more likely to feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others by our five senses .
With the willing of people to become the best among others , social networking sites have now become a place to show off .
Some people will post their expensive things or the overseas places of interest they have been on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
It is a mental unhealth and it may trigger people , especially teenagers , to become material .
Last but not least , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social network page , it is convenient for criminals to make use of this information to commit a crime .
Above all , social networking sites are like a two - sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it by avoiding the possible disadvantages of it , such as putting less personal information on his or her facebook page .
The modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication faster than ever before .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common within contemporary society ; and , people can communicate with each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
They can even make new friends over similar interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world .
However , critics may argue that the existence of social media sites has reduced physical human interactions among people as they will prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
This essay will discuss both the benefits and downsides of using social media in contemporary society .
Nowadays , social media are able to disseminate information faster than any other media .
There are about 50 % of people who have learnt about breaking news from social media .
This is due to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time on reading newspapers .
Furthermore , with current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites , which has made it easier for consumers to use .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information to the people around them .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated is reliable .
There might be false information or hoaxes spreading around on social media .
For example , in 2012 , there were false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had spread through Twitter and Facebook .
This had caused panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this had resulted in the temporarily closing of schools .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information at a realtively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security to control almost every social networking movement .
Social media is able to improve relationships and make new friends , provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Many teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .
In the past , people used to write letters to their friends and it would take a relatively long time to send the letter .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up with each other conveniently .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new friends who have similar interests or hobbies .
However , in order for people to maintain their relationships as well as make new friends , it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
In addition , there are also chances for people to miscommunicate with each other as they can not sense the tone of the other party over social media platforms .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between two parties over miscommunication .
But , if there is trust and mutual understanding on social media , it will be ideal for people to improve relationships and make new friends .
In conclusion , social media in contemporary society is able to help one improve relationships and make new friends , as well as disseminate information efficiently to the masses .
However , there are risks of false information and chances of miscommunication .
Nevertheless , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of .
All-in-all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come in the future .
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly ease long distance communication and interaction due to their accessibility and convenience .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platforms for social interaction .
With just a touch away from any music devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle .
Thus , long - distance relationships or friendships can be maintained and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of status of one 's personal feelings or experience and being able to reply to these posts allowed human interaction to be engaged and expand with ease .
Introverts or those who are shy to communicate with their friends are now able to do so in the form of words via social media platforms .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms.Meet-ups and appointments are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
Society will adapt to such a phenomenon as physical interaction is transformed into cyber interaction .
With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advanced and adapted to the highly connected world .
This will greatly help a society to progress rapidly .
Disadvantages : One of the main concerns of using social media platforms to communicate is credibility .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed can not be proven physically as the media limits this physical interaction , except when using a webcam to chat .
We can not be certain for sure of the reliabilty or truth of some posts or information we receive through the Internet .
We may , in actual fact , be communicating with a hoax Facebook account of a cyber friend , which we assume to be real , but in reality , it is a fake account .
Photos and information retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit a certain personal agenda .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media restricts actual interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Although emocons can be used to show certain emotions , this differs from the real authentic emotions of your friends when you observe them through their body language and their facial expressions .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical interaction .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interaction has affected human inter-personal behaviour since communication is done through social media instead of meet-ups .
This lowers the experience of human ability to interact with one another , which can adversely shape one 's behaviour .
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans does not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
Therefore , for an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of both social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction within its people .
Nowadays , people can even use their phone to read the news and everyone can be the first witness of what is happening in the world .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what their friends ' recent activity .
Nevertheless , they can still use the phone to make normal calls and message to contact .
Not only does the phone do the job for them , but also devices like personal computers , laptops , tablets , and many other devices which are able to connect to the internet .
It is obvious to see that the internet saves people 's time and also connects people globally .
Several arguments have been made regarding social media actually having some inevitable disadvantages for people .
People can only use electric devices to access the internet .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or the internet .
Generally , people need their eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
As a result , they will lose eyes to contact and hands to express their feelings to people nearby them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact communicating .
This can be easily seen in restaurants or cafes nowadays .
A family of four having dinner in a restaurant without any chatting , because they are holding and looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
A group of friends having high tea in a caf é without chatting as well , because they do not know what to talk about but pressing on their display screen .
Children nowadays do not know what neighbourhood games are and who is playing beside them . All they know is pressing icons on the screens .
These are some concrete examples of how the socia media reduce face-to-face human contact .
When people get used to using social media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communication skills will degrade and be lost eventually .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk .
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in person and not be trained in their conversation skills .
As a result , social media helps them do their jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media does have some other advantages besides their general benefits to human beings .
First of all , people save money by using the internet to contact other people and reading news .
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in another country via socia media software instead of making international calls , which costs a lot to a normal salary family .
He can even talk to his daughter face-to-face using video call via the internet .
Secondly , people make friends all over the world and are able to update their friends about their recent activities easily .
A guy who is going travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activities .
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has failed to contact him via telephone calls , he might be able to get his whereabout using social media .
These are the advantages that save work most of the time .
In conclude , society 's media benefits people in several ways but at the same time harms people .
People should avoid the misuse of socia media and use it in the proper way .
With the aid of social media , people bond globally , information flows rapidly , and humans live happily .
All of us are living in the technology realm society .
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
It started with the invention of technology , which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we travel by ship and now we can use airplane to do so .
In the past , it took a few days to receive a message as we needed to post our letter and now , we can use e-mail , which stands for electronic message , to send messages to our friends or even use our phone to send our messages .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier , we can see that the distance between us and our loved one is getting further apart .
This is because of the ease of technology such as airplanes , some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies or even you are away from your family to pursue your studies or even careers in life .
Thus , this makes Twitter and Facebook become one of the mediums that we need .
Nothing in life has positive and negative effects .
This is applicable to these social media sites .
The next two paragraphs will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society .
With the help of social media tools , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we are away from them .
Social media sites such as Facebook have allowed us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
These approaches help parents to communicate with their children and know what kind of activities that their children have when they are overseas .
Social media is beneficial as it connects you and your loved one even though you are separated by distance .
It might not be able to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family , but it could help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there are also disadvantages to social media tools .
One of them is that it reduces the level of concentration , especially among youngsters .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit of checking their facebook page as their friends will post something new every second .
Thus , you can see that some students will browse facebook while attending lectures .
This means that the students are not concetrating when they are supposed to do so .
As a result , it could affect their lives and studies .
This will then lead to stress as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they are distracted .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility for their own lives by making the right decision .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using social media sites . However , in this case , striking a balance between social media and life is the most important thing to do .
Nowadays , the use of social media platforms is a commonplace in our lives .
In an increasingly globalised world , such platforms even enhance and compliccates the links between indivduals in the world .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online , without having to travel to meet up for business purposes for company or personal reasons .
However , it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world , resulting in some negative impacts on individuals ' daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in societies as a whole .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of face-to-face human contacts has decresed .
As people feel more confident online where they do not have to face reality on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
This results in a lack of interpersonal skills in individuals , especially young students , as they always have the option to turn their back on life and go online .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but to face things in real life .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not realise how to interact with people in real-life .
Another problem with social media is that the benefits from investing such an enormous amount of time and energy is not relfected as something positive to the users .
The reason why it is so addictive is that the more people get into social media , they seek attention from their friends .
However , such sparks of sudden attention are extremely short-termed and gone easily , thus do not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
Also , according to research , it has been proven that users feel more sad after using Facebook and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people 's lives .
But seriously , most people only post the happiest moments in their lives .
Social media definitely has some other strong benefits that make the users stay is the links among the people .
Indeed , I myself use Facebook just because of the friends ' contacts that I want to keep .
However , friendship in such a virtual world is so superficial it is not so relevant to reality .
Also , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the high human traffic on such social media sites , they make it a pond to fish the customers by uploading many advertisements .
Furthermore , this also possibly triggers privacy issues as Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
As this happens , users are more and more pron to any possible fraud .
Social media sites are at their peak at the moment . However , I believe that when people realize that such sites are not making them better people in real-life , they will not indulge in them as much as they are now .
The users , soon , will realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with their friends because , if they really need somebody , they will reach the friends no matter what .
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media , but do we really get connected or fall apart ?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter were born with the intention of connecting people from around the world .
The idea seems great , and nowadays most people , even the older generation , have at least one social media platform like Facebook .
The Parents are now the " friends " of their kids , and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and in real time .
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be connected with their so - called friends .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced in face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
First and foremost , I would like to share the advantages of using such social media in my daily life .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people from different backgrounds and in different settings .
We may meet only once , but we exchange our contact numbers as well as Facebook accounts in order to keep in touch .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , social media like Facebook is a great way for friends from different fields or even from different parts of the world to be connected .
Within clicks , we could check on the friend 's profile and read on for his/her updates .
On the other hand , we could update our profile by posting on the wall and our friends could read up on the newsfeed .
This allows friends that may not have the time to meet up to still connected in a way .
Not only that , new friends can be easily met through such online platforms .
Hence , our social circle is indeed expanding .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be the cause that falls us apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time reduction on face-to-face contact .
This subsequently leads to the poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
For example , we tend to send birthday wishes when Facebook promts us " Today is someone 's birthday " .
In fact , we may have just forgotten our friend 's birthday .
We used to send wishes cards during the festive season like Chinese New Year , and we feel so good writing one and , of course , receiving one with stamps on it .
Gone were the times , and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes .
As time passes , we may have more " friends " on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined .
In a nutshell , every sword has two edges .
The users of every social media site need to strike a balance between the real world versus the virtual one .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of its impacts on the actual life that we have .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings , but social media sites are only the tools to enhance it .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly used in society .
I believe 80 percent of people use social media sites .
These sites play the role of connecting people around the world .
It consists of the functions of connecting , sharing , interacting and advertising .
However , there are also some disadvantages occur due to social media which are concerned in society .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life .
First , with the function of social media sites that connect people , everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and family , or even strangers without any time and place constraints .
Through social media sites , we can chat with our friends who are staying in Europe and New Zealand .
There are over a thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without travelling to the countries .
It saves a lot of money and time as well as strengthens our relationship , although we stay in different places around the world .
Besides that , companies also use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype , to facilitate meetings with parties of projects from around the world .
Substantial cost is saved without the tiring travel from one point to another point .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in other sectors , which benefits companies more and boosts the company 's profit .
However , there always are always two sides of stories .
Some scholars argue that the usage of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between humans .
Since ancient times , humans have interacted with others face to face .
Without the facial impression , it is easier to misunderstand the intention of speakers .
That is why the facial impression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
In addition , " social media sites will affect writing skills " , that is the point of view in society .
Based on the statistics report , the more the writing skills will be reduced when the more time is used on social media sites .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forgetting how to write a word that we should know .
The auto correction software is so effective when using electronic device until we did not realize the importance of writing .
Writing is an essential skill of a person who expresses their own feelings and opinions .
'Privacy ' is a word that has become popular in the last few decades .
Humans have their own rights and privacy .
I believe that most of us agree with these terms .
However , there is news about social media sites leaking users ' information to companies with cash reimbursement .
Everything we type on the social media sites is recorded on the server and then transferred to the companies for spying and advertising .
Although it looks like there are no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want , you are actually wrong .
You are not only controlled by the government laws but also spied on by the government .
In conclusion , everything has two sides to the story .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
To utilize the technology well , we should do our best to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and next generation .
With the wide spread of advanced technology , social media sites are becoming more and more popular .
Getting connected on social media such as facebook and Twitter has become a main trend as well as daily work nowadays .
