Also , this known information will help their relatives to make informed decisions and tosimilarly undergo genetic testingto find out about the outcome .
Thus , having the knowledge that such a genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards their emotinal thoughts .
And if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically for the future outcome and aid them in making upcoming decisions .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it is were made known to them .
Having support from relatives is vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this illness and it will certainly provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards to the future prospect of the genetic disorder which could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Therefore , the decision to inform relatives of such a genetic disorder will be dependent on the situation and background of the affected family , with the liberty of choice given to them in making the decision of informing others .
A person with a disorder , regardless of mental or physical disorder , is always easily awared by his or her family .
When things come to genetic issues , it is not that simple anymore .
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation by generation , but not all of the offspring show the relevant symptoms .
Sometimes a family with potential genetic disorder risk may not be able to detect the potential harm inside their bodies as none of their members reflect any observable disorder symptoms .
As a result , in the case when one of the members happens to feel uncomfortable or uncomfortable , he or she should be aware of whether the disorder in his or her body is a genetic risk or not .
Afterward , the carrier will face a serious ethical issue , which is whether to reveal the problem to his or her relatives or not .
If the disorder symptoms are reflected on a kid , the parent will be informed by the medics for sure , then the whole family will stay alert to their bodies ' condition .
In contrast , if the carrier is an adult , who has his own choice to choose whether to inform his or her relatives about the risk , that will be more complex .
One may think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves his or her family more than himself , there is no doubt that he or she will tell his or her family about the issue .
That is true and , of course , it is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
Think on the other hand , if a child of the family knows that he has the risk of becoming a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might as well be inherited by his child in the future , his whole life will be in a dilemma .
And of course , he or she will think of not having any children after getting married , and the same thought goes for the cousins as well .
As a result , the family generation stops by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
In China , the older generation with traditional cultural background , will always think of having more children as well as grandchildren , to make the family liven up and stronger .
The reason behind this is that after WOWII the population of China decreased dramatically and so the government encourages the people to give more birth .
During that period , if one of the family members reflects genetic disorder symptoms , he will fall into an ethical dilemma for sure .
The medical treatment technology during that time was not advanced enough to completely cure him .
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperity with a potential generic risk .
And so , he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the truth be mined forever .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by others because they will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in the family .
In conclude , people should think carefully about the consequences of telling relatives about his or her generic disorder .
It is an obligation for a carrier to inform his relatives , but also an obligation for a family member to liven up the family .
Regardlessly , if the disorder is rarely fatal , or it does not cause any inconvenience to the carrier , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
In my opinion , the carrier should tell his or her relatives about it .
One of the reasons why is because , as a carrier , she or he needs mental support to go through with this situation .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on their own .
By telling his or her family other than being a support , they could possibly help her to get alternative solutions to the problem that she is facing right now .
Other than that , I believe that the strong bond we have with our family is the biggest pillar of support to the carrier .
Furthermore , as it is a genetic problem , it will be better for the carrier to inform his or her family as other family members might experience the same thing .
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem , they could have a full check-up for themselves and it would be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves .
I find that it is important to inform , especially if it is contagious , the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out to society .
For every action , there are always pros and cons .
I believe that some of the carriers will choose to not reveal their disease to family members as they do not want to make their family members worry and feel uncomfortable or even feel ostracized by them .
Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lot of money on the treatment , the carrier might not want to be a burden to her family .
I could understand the feeling of the carrier .
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in the family family .
However , we will never know whether these negative effects will happen when the carrier decides to tell his or her family of his or her condition .
In conclusion , personally , I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
The carrier should be honest with his or her feelings and I find that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on in his or her life .
If anything wrong happened in the carrier 's life , without informing the family members , it could be a huge regret in their lives if she leaves without them knowing about it .
On top of that , it is better to think about solutions for her problem with the family members as there are more heads to think about it rather than thinking about it alone and struggling on your own .
In the end , I believe that support in terms of mental or even monetary from your family could help the carrier to fight against the genetic disease .
True enough that there are lots of cancer patients who are given a second choice to live as a normal person as they have strong mental support from their loved one .
In my opinion , as long as we keep our minds healthy and strong , we can fight any disease as they comes to us when we are fragile and weak .
As technology has been advancing , it has reached a stage whereby the advancement triggers some ethical dilemmas in relation to the actual use of technology .
Genetic testing has been made possible- it has become easy to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk through genetic testing .
If used for a good purpose , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness . However , it could also make the situation worse by revealing who the carrier is , in the family .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives and I think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I believe that he or she has a right not to know .
Firstly , genetic testing is not something that is compulsory .
Of course , some people may do it to make their futures slightly happier . However , the carrier , before the testing , can choose not to go for the test and simply live with unknowns and accept the facts .
If he chooses to live in the uncertainty that the gene holds and is willing to accept it , he could do that , and it has been something that was 'normal ' to everyone in the past as gentic testing was not possible .
It could rather be better for him or her this way .
Some people might say that it is a form of prevention of giving birth to disabled lives and making them suffer in reality .
I personally think this is the right purpose of going through the genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid does not have to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer .
However , I believe that the carrier has the right not to be obligate to tell anyone but has the responsibility to take action to prevent any ethical dilemma .
If the result turned out to be something that the carrier could not accept , then it would have been better not know the truth .
I believe that even the carrier has the right not to know the true fact .
After realizing that he or she is the carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly cause a problem in a family due to the fact and creates more unhappiness in the family .
Overall , I believe that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face them with relatives , but he has no obligation to tell them .
In fact , I strongly think that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking the genetic testing and take appropriate action to the results .
The emotional depression that the carrier might get and the sense of guilt can be more than expected and could be a burden on the mind for the rest of life .
On the other hand , without knowing any genetic disorder and accepting the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the diability .
I think the family will stay mentally healthy as it is , without having emtional stress .
Debates have been around for years , that should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be informed to others , especially close family or relatives , is a topic that is worth discussing .
This is an issue that needs to be addressed as a family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
In this essay , a few arguments will be pointed out in support of the view for any carrier of that known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family and relatives , with them welcoming us to this new world .
We were crying hard , but we are not alone . It 's our family and relatives that grow us up .
Hence , they should be the people to be grateful for and the people we would like to share the joy together .
However , in the case pertaining to any health issue or to the extent of serious disorder , there may seem no point in sharing , but this involves more than just sharing of bad news .
One definitely has the right to disclose his or her health issues to anyone , but it 's also one 's responsibility to inform the family and close relatives .
As the case of health issue is related to genetic risk , with the keyword " genetic " which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation .
Therefore , I would agree that it 's obligated for a carrier of known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives to avoid any family-related ethical dilemma that could be raised in the future .
Although one may argue that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such a health issue or to bear it within him/herself , it 's certainly helpful to share with close relatives , for a proper discussion for solutions .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful in facing such disorder risk .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more caring towards the carrier of a known genetic risk .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such disorder risk .
On top of that , the genetic risk may pass down to the next generation , thus it will involve more than just one family .
Therefore , I would agree with the obligation of telling the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and has a plan for giving birth .
This would avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemmas .
There are more intangible advantages that could support the stand of informing the relatives once the results are known after the test is conducted .
In conclusion , in order to avoid the family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives .
The benefits of doing so are able to outweigh its disadvantages .
More support must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing at such a junction whether he should inform his relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
This is the common law in society .
However , it leads to a new problem : " should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
" This issue has been discussed for a long time .
However , there is still a diversity of points of views among people .
Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue which is " should or should not " .
Firstly , I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below : " I will be anxious about my family when he or she told me that he or she was a carrier of a known genetic risk " .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers do not want to tell their families is to continue their own life without the anxious of families .
It is obvious that it would be better for one person to be worried than many .
However , many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges themselves .
With the families ' support , there must be more energy to fight against the demon .
A demon is not easily defeated and it requires a lot of energy and psychological support .
Families give you the courage and support which you can not retrieve by yourself .
These are the most essential elements to overcome the challenges .
Besides that , the risk of the known genetic is so serious that it can not be described .
The seriousness can be larger than our imagination .
Lying on the bed for the remaining life , and even dying immediately , These are the consequences which we can not imagine .
Families are our dearest in our lives .
Without their concern and support , it would be hard to stay until this time .
They play an important role in our lives which can not be substituted .
A known genetic risk can also affect our next generation critically .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences .
Generally , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier 's family without the agreement of the carrier .
It is the ethic of staff in hospital to keep the secrets of any patients .
We can not blame them that they are liable to the undesired consequences .
However , hospital can provide a councilor to advise the carrier about what action can be taken .
Therefore , these kinds of circumstances will not happen again and again .
It is a method that benefits two parties which is a win-win situation .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk is encouraged to tell his or her relatives about the known genetic risk .
However , there may be some special cases that are hard to define .
Thus , advice from hospital plays an important role in this .
The carrier is responsible for balancing his or her own interests and the benefits of family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make , but in the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and families in the future .
With the risk of being genetically disorder , many individuals have made the decision to undergo genetic testing .
With the nature that the results will be known once the tests are done , each individual that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier faces an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives about the risk of being the same genetic risk carrier .
Or they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed .
