For countries like Singapore , they are short of manpower to contribute to the nation .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot on helping the disables such as medical subsidizes and building up special schools to educate them .
Without increasing the number of disables in a nation , the government is able to concentrate on developing in other ways , like the military and education .
As citizens of a nation , they have the responsibility to support their country in many ways .
Moreover , in the world we are living in today , many miscarriages occur in hospitals every day .
It is easier for people to accept it morally .
Therefore , I believe parents have their right to know the healthiness of their child .
Many people may support a theory that every person has their right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
However , the problem is , will people really enjoy their life if they have to stay in hospital everyday and with all the needles and endless pain ?
Parents know what the best is for their children , thus they will make the right decision after they have been informed .
Also , human beings should improve the medical field in order to prevent tragedys happening .
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Genetic testing is a personal choice .
One should have full control of his/her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to someone else .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple are going to have babies , they are going to run a few tests and see whether they could have some genetic diseases .
The results are disclosed to husbands and wifes .
This is not the case I am talking about here .
The most obvious reason for those who argue for this opinion is that the relatives of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
They have the right to know whether they are at risk .
Also , telling them the result can let them largely reduce the cost for multiple testing .
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease .
If a person has a disease C , that might be a result of gene A .
He ran a test and found out that he has the gene AA .
This means both of his parents have gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of running two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and knows that he has the gene Aa .
This means one of his parents has gene A and the cost of testing could be saved .
His relatives can then take measures , if this disease can somehow be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives .
However , this can also be achieved through personal choice .
One can choose to tell their relatives if they are at risk .
Most people care about their relatives . If there is no serious consequence of telling them so , I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful .
One might also choose to hint or encourage certain relatives to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that come across when they disclose their genetic results .
There are possible negative consequences that they might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relatives .
If a person is obliged to tell his/her relatives , he or she might be discriminated against by those who do not carry this gene .
He or she might even be advised not to get married or have children .
For example , if an unmarried person has gene Aa and gene aa is sufficient for a very serious disease .
After he takes the test and is obliged to tell his relatives , everyone knows that he is a carrier .
So all married couples go run a test and know they are not carriers.They might subconsiously see him as different and worry that they will find a wife who will carry this gene as well .
Third , it is hard to define relatives .
If a gene runs in the family , one of the family members tests positive , does he need to tell ?
If that is a big family , is he obliged to tell everyone ?
Spouses usually have very close relationships . If person A tells his family that he has this gene , his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needed to run a test because his cousin has this disease .
However , wife D is not even under the risk of having this disease .
Then wife D might tell her mother , who likes to gossip on her way to the theatre .
In less than a week , half of the town knows person A has a risked gene , and his family might be a genetically risked family .
Then nobody wants to marry A , or his relatives .
This is the potential consequence if one does not have full control of his/her information , especially when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ) .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
The carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives
Nowadays , people not only pursue the comfort of their own life but also a better development of their following generations .
Since the technology of modern society has been so advanced , it has become possible for people to make the decision to take genetic tests so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which could affect their next generation .
The debatable question , an ethical dilemma , is that , are people responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
In my opinion , the responsibility of telling family and relatives is quite obvious .
And there are two basic reasons .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellness and health of your relatives and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk is good for your self-wellness and the health of your relatives .
Because if you are carrying that genetic risk , then there is a great possibility that your relatives , like parents or siblings , are carrying the same genetic risk as well .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
If you have n't undergone the genetic testing , it 's just odd and fate for what will happen to both of you and your relatives .
However , if you have undergone and know that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoid getting the disease .
As for those in your family who are more likely to be affected , they can go to the hospital to do checks regularly .
Therefore , telling the families and the relatives to get prepared to fight the disease and even prevent getting the disease is your responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also being responsible for your next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and gives birth to the baby , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well .
Being the parent , you are not responsible to your next generations , since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and being aware of it .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a chance to whether to have children or not .
And if you still decide to have a baby , since the technology has been developed , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering genes be perfected and widely used . You can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future .
This is the responsibility of being a parent .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing in the first place .
As a conclusion , once you have undergone the genetic testing and are aware of carrying some specific genetic risk , there are responsibilities to your relatives , yourself , and your following generations to tell your relatives and families the truth .
To tell or not to tell
Consider a case , we decide to undergo genetic testing and have know the result of it .
We found that we actually are the genetic risk carriers .
Then it becomes troublesome about whether we need to tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well .
There are really a lot of things we need to consider .
Every choice we make may have a huge impact on our whole life .
As a result , what should we do ?
Tell them or keep this secret until we die ?
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
For example , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
Once we found we were carrying this genetic risk , it is better for us to tell our family members because they may carry it as well .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits like eating less sugar - contained food and keeping a good mood .
And it is important for those young people .
The earlier we tell them , the better habits they will arise and the better for the rest of their lives .
What 's more , they may undergo a genetic test as well to see whether they are carrying it or not , which is also better for them .
However , some people may argue that why do we want to interfere with their lives ?
Sometimes it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news , especially if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease which is untreatable .
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly , one day your relative comes and tells you that there are some possibilities that you may encounter some disease in the future . What kind of feeling are you going to have ?
It may affect our daily lives and we will think about it every day .
We become so anxious that we can not focus on everything .
At the same time , there will also be chances that the genetic test result is not correct , which means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing , so actually we are bringing trouble to them .
Personally , I feel that we still take our responsibility to tell them the situation .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to make it in a positive way .
We can not let it go .
We should know that although we may affect their lives , we can still let them make correct choices in the future .
It is only after we tell them will they start paying attention to their health .
They will consider whether to give birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem and they will start finding ways to try to prevent their baby carrying this genetic risk as well .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
Maybe after we tell them , they will go for it and know more about themselves .
I know it will have a huge impact on them , but we should know that they are our loved ones . We need to tell them and help them .
A genetic risk carrier should be obliged to tell
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
Once the test is done , whether the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused extensive controversy .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected .
He or she has the right not to tell anyone .
However , in my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or her current situation .
This essay will illustrate this in two ways .
First of all , it can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics to their family members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Some of the diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way and save time for proper treatment .
Sometimes life may even be saved if they are told early and conduct timely treatment .
So , for consideration of the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Secondly , it can avoid genetic disease being passed to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
They should let their spouse know about his or her situation before marriage .
They need to ask for doctor 's advice before they plan to have a baby .
Some genetic genes will pass only to boys rather than girls , some are on the contrary .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may have a risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
I noticed a real story in the newspaper years ago .
A couple in China have a son 5 years old .
Their son unfortunately fell ill and he was diagnosis a kind of genetic disease which is very serious .
They were told that the wife 's family was carrying the polygenetic disorder and can pass only to boys rather than girls .
Therefore , their son inherited the genetic disease .
However , the wife actually had already known about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband .
The son died after one year 's treatment and the couple got divorced later after that .
If the wife had not hind the truth and asked for doctor 's advice before they had baby , the tragic would not have happened .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family the possible disease they may have and can perform treatment in time if possible .
On the other hand , it may pass the disease to the next generation if the carrier hides the truth .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do genetic testing .
We can not deny that genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face a disorder .
However , I think that genetic information is one person 's personal privacy which should be protected by the law .
Therefore , I thought a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
There are three reasons , as follows .
Firstly , the information concerning the genetic is something personal which is also a privacy like people 's bank card keys .
Other people should not be told without the person 's permission even though they are his or her family or relatives .
The government should set the law to protect this kind of privacy .
Once people 's genetic information is told to other people .
They may know the person 's potential disabled disease or other bad things naturally .
They may set a bias on this person , even abandon him or her .
People do not have the ability to choose their genes , they should not be thought of badly because of bad genes .
So I think whatever the genetic is or whether the gene is match with their parents , it should not be told to anyone , even his or her family or relatives .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family and even break the relationship between children and adults .
Once his or her family or relatives know that the person does not have any relationship with them .
However happy they were before , there would be some barrier appear which will truly destroy the family gradually .
The relationship between parents and their children should not be tested only in the genetic way ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
The parents give knowledge and love to the children , meanwhile they feel happy with the company of the children .
Children rely on their parents to live .
When they grow up , they take care of the old parents and thank them for their dedication .
The relationship between parents and children is something about love and dedication .
Everyone does not want to see the scene of a broken family due to the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Finally , the technology of testing genes is not very mature now .
There also exists some probability of wrong testing .
If the wrong testing was not found by the doctor , the family and the children may be sad and have a struggling life for their whole life .
Therefore , I think a person known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
Therefore , considering people 's privacy and the existence of wrong testing , for the peace of the family , I support that a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
A Carrier of a Known Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Tell His or Her Relatives
More and more illnesses are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of medical technology .
People will know about whether they carry a disease in their genes after they have done the genetic test .
If there is no problem , that would be wonderful .
However , not everybody is so lucky that they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes .
Therefore , once people find they have carried the disease genes , they should be responsible for telling their relatives , at least their family members .
It may be awkward and embarrassing for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather , then of course they own the same genes in some part .
Therefore , there is nothing to be shy about or be afraid of .
If the person tells their relatives that he or she carries a disease gene , his or her relatives can go to hospital to check whether they also get a disease gene .
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to prevent the disease from occurring .
Also , they can prevent the disease going to their offspring .
If the relatives carry that disease gene , they can share the experience with him or her and give some help . They will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue .
If he or her does not get married , he or she must tell his or her partner that he carries the disease gene .
Then they can have a healthy baby with the help of the doctors .
Or else , if he holds back the genetic risk , they may have an unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or the end of their marriage .
There is a story I watched on TV .
A couple had not had a child after their marriage for a long time . Their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospital to check what the problem was .
After he came back from the hospital , the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene so that they could not have a baby in their life.
The woman did not know the test result , but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce her husband .
After getting the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test report ; it wrote that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man .
At that time , the woman knew how much her husband loved her , but she ruined her happiness .
Tears showed nothing .
People can not avoid carrying the disease genes which they were born with .
However , they can avoid the disease genes being inhered to their children .
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can make their family members bond closely , also many risks and conflicts can be avoided .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect each individual at risk for a disorder .
However , there is a family-related ethical dilemma if it is right to tell a carrier 's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the right to know the result .
The answer is simply that everyone , especially our family , has the right to know the truth .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , while the potential negative impacts of the risk still exist , the consequences will be significant if other members of his or her family do not know .
Then they are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and emotional preparations .
Taking Angeline Jolie for example , she is famous but she still revealed the truth about her genetic testing on the development of her breast cancer risk .
Everything is not that bad if you know how to look at the bright side with hope .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about their results .
In some cases , a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also related to the others ' risk somehow .
However , I believe it is just a usual reaction to this situation .
In addition , though it can be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life , how people can face more dramatic tragedy such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation .
Life is hard but people can not blame it on being unfair .
It is just because you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard times .
Furthermore , living with a secret is not a good sensation , especially if the situations of other relatives become worse , you should feel guilty and depressed .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever but when it is revealed , the more shocking and upsetting it will be .
As a result , it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives , tell the genetic testing result is needed .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , telling the result to your family can improve and develop understanding and sympathy for each other as well as promote awareness of taking care of everyone 's health .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination of society and anxiety about the risks .
To put it in a nutshell , I believe that people should have the obligation to tell their relatives about the genetic testing results for the good of their health .
It can be very difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their family .
In addition , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition is also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and , if necessary , to guide them if they wish to conduct a similar genetic test .
The Impact Of Social Media
Social media plays a vital , important role in our lives today .
It is almost impossible for us to keep away from it .
I started invoving into Facebook one year after I had just arrived in Singapore .
And now I have got over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with hundrends of seeds every day .
We know each other 's status , changes and so on through social media .
For example , if we change our contact numbers , we will not send SMS to each individual any longer .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform them about these kinds of changes .
And if you are not on it , you will just get lost .
In certain ways , social media has brought us quite a lot of convenience .
It is becoming even more convenient than talking on the phone since it is free .
We discuss everything we like and we have more personal space . Friends also have more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
And also , we get a chance to talk to public people like popular stars and know their lives better .
In China , a lot of government organizations have open blogs to communicate with people , like firefighters , police stations and so on .
Socia media allows them to explain to or inform people about what is going on .
And actually , lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media , like looking for people who get lost and so on .
With more convenient and humanian communications , the relationship between government and people has largely improved .
What 's more , various cultures can be shown to us through social media .
We can find more news and culture through social media .
From this scope , social media has shortened our distance .
However , we get less chances and less importance to talk face to face since social media is so convenient , advanced and interesting .
And even when we gather together , more people find themselves have fewer topics to talk about than before and choose to dig from their social media again .
When we are far away , social media makes it as if we are in front of each other ; sometimes when we are by each other 's side , we seem to be further than far away .
This kind of feeling makes people 's relationships not as stable , secure and reliable as before .
Besides , there are more people shwing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experiences .
To some extent , this makes our life more luxurious and blundering .
For myself , I long to see some places after I see those beautiful pictures taken by my friends .
Sometimes I could even sleep well because of excitement .
Social media makes our life patten so fast and leaves us less time to think about our life .
Social media is becoming more important and we need to think more to make it serve us better and better .
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills , require practice .
Besides that , these skills require time to develop and adapt .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its stints ; but amongst all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
Convenience and efficiency are two very important uses of social media .
While millions of users are connected at any one time , any information can be readily available at their perusal .
This improves the connectivity between the users .
For an example , one is able to send notifications and other information we used to have in hardcopy previously , over the web and the process takes seconds .
The receipent,will then receive the information almost immediately , depending on the quality of the network .
This convenience can be experienced at almost any time .
Next , communication has also greatly improved .
In the past , most communication was done by one of the many , such a telegram , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
With the welcoming of applications such as Skype and Facetime , any individual can phase off most of the olden days communication methods .
Aside from hearing the voice , a camera could also be affixed to emulate a 'real ' interaction with expressions and gestures .
Communication would have taken a different turn without the easily available social media .
However , it is good practice not to intesively use social media all the time .
Intimate interaction is greatly lacked in social media interactions , particularly touch .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recepient .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessary parts of the skills required for proper interpersonal relations .
