With this situation , both advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily life .
On one hand , it is obvious that many advantages have been brought to our lives .
Social media provides people with the opportunity to get in contact with each other every time and everywhere .
Whether we are at home or at school , at work or on a holiday , we are able to communicate and interact with our friends .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart , social media makes it possible to have interaction by continuing writing comments .
When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use social media to get into contact with our friends .
Some people who are trying to talk in the public can also actively take part in group chatting via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites has made it more convenient for people to update friends ' status and contact with friends more frequently .
On the other hand , we need to rethink about the influences brought by social media .
There are still many disadvantages to using social media .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affected by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
While social media brings convenience to people 's lives , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting which has a time and place requirement .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved in this situation .
Secondly , people 's over-addition may avoidably , to some degree , exacerbate social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence of virtual social networking .
More and more networking has been transferred to the internet from real life .
This is a potential danger for teenagers who are growing with social changes to get hurt .
Thirdly , a lot of updating of luxury living standards as well as other show-off situations may make people 's daily life more and more grandiloquent , which is not an accurate social trend .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addition and their studies and work may be greatly influenced .
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of using social media , and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this main trend of using social media may last for a long time .
Therefore , every time we use social media , we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid being affected by the disadvantages .
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dregs can we make better use of social media .
In a sophisticated era like these days , experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
Geographical and transportation borders are not a problem anymore because communication and information technologies have enhanced continuously .
The telephone may be perceived as a big innovation created since First Graham Bell introduced it .
However , since the internet is known , the telephone has started to give way to social media sites .
Many advantages are given to the users .
Let us take an example from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Through Facebook , people are able to maintain relationships with their old acquaintances .
This benefit can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people 's particular and address may change from time to time , While on Facebook , people can keep in contact with old friends just by using their name and photo , for example , as the identifier .
Facebook is like a combination of message and chatting service , personal profile , media sharing , and other entertainment add-ons ( i.e .
social games ) which allow users to communicate with remote people , and also to update and express themselves at the same time .
Twitter , which has a more simplified function compared to Facebook , gives more benefits if used as an information sharing medium .
Twitter only allows users to give updates that is limited to short sentences in order to spread the words faster , and only highlighted messages are delivered .
For Facebook , a comprehensive way of sharing is offered since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , even documents and data can be shared through Facebook nowadays .
These advantages also come in handy as most of these social media sites are accessible through mobile applications on our smartphones .
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media , there are also harmful side effects which people may not realize beforehand .
Research shows that face-to-face meeting frequency among people that are addicted to social media sites has been decreasing .
As a consequence , it affects their interpersonal skills .
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say , but in face-to-face communication , every word that comes out of your mouth and may be not well arranged is a picture of your personality .
This skill requires practice and can not be done completely through social media .
There is a situation where a family is having dinner together in a restaurant but everybody is busy with their own gadget , posting pictures on Facebook , updating status on Twitter , or even chatting with friends .
This social media serves a purpose to bind people in spite of their geographical boundaries , but it does n't mean that surrounding people are neglected as the payoff .
This is related to the interpersonal skill that is mentioned before , that can be decreased qualitatively if we are used to facing gadgets , not facing human beings .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected parts of our lives , we build a " false image " in public .
We tend to only share our happy moments in the media .
Because of this , other people start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problems at all .
Other people then are influenced by us and tend to do the same .
As a result , people think of themselves as lowly and this may lead to depression and mental disorder .
It also reduces our sympathy .
This is a serious social problem and affects a lot of people .
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always give advantages .
There are a lot of disadvantages that people may not realize .
It is up to people 's discretion and comprehension to decide which side they want to take .
So , we should never forget to think of and calculate the benefits and loss of every decision that we make .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies improves the lives of many people a lot .
In most countries , there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that social media sites have benefits on communication between people , while some others argue that there are several negative impacts on society .
One of the advantages which are carried by those social media sites is that they can connect us more closely than before .
In the past decades , when social media sites were not yet fully developed , people connected with others who live far away by using a phone , or even a letter .
However , calling a person by using a phone and writing a person a letter requires some costs , and sending a letter to a person who lives far away , especially in villages , takes time .
The appearance of those social media sites causes those problems to be solved .
People connecting through social media sites can spend no money on communication , and it also takes only one or a few seconds for the message to reach .
Therefore , this advantage of social media sites saves money and time , and also provides convenience for many people .
Moreover , this also provides an alternative way for people to contact a person whom they have not seen for a very long time , such as their friends in primary school and secondary school .
As we graduate from school , we will probably lose contact with some of our friends .
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses , and we are not able to find them through a phone or a letter .
If phone and letters were the only way to contact them , we would probably not be able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to make connection between us and our old friends .
Hence , social media sites serve as a platform for connection .
Everything that comes with benefits will also have its disadvantages .
On the other hand , social media sites also have some negative impacts on people and society .
The advancement of those social media sites makes people so rely on them that some of them prefer using those sites to contact each other than talking to each other face to face .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem caused by social media sites .
The usage of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication in real life , which will in turn cause the loss of interpersonal skills for many people .
As we all know , interpersonal skills are essential for us to communicate with each other and to present our views and ideas .
The loss of interpersonal skills results in the inability for people to well present their ideas .
As a result , they will gradually decrease their ability to compete with each other in society .
In conclusion , social media sites cause both positive and negative consequences for people and society .
As a part of this modern society , we should learn to distinguish between good and bad impacts brought by the advancement of technologies , and also learn to avoid the cons and maximize the benefits of those sites .
With the advancement of technology in recent years , the need to keep in-touch with people and the latest news has become a tremendous demand .
Some of the famous examples would be social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
With an increasing users of more than a billion users from all over the world , social media sites have demonstrated clearly its success in playing an important part in our lives .
However , there are arguments that social media life brings in a reduction in face-to-face human contact , which in turn affects interpersonal skills .
Let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and society .
First and foremost , all social media sites are free .
All users ' needs are an internet connection and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey in social media life .
Secondly , it helps people to keep in-touch with one another .
Finding old friends through Facebook , for example , is easier than asking people around in real life .
Social media helps to lessen the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer .
Thirdly , social media sites keep us up-to-date on the latest news and updates from almost everywhere in the world , all with a click on the refresh button .
Last but not least , social media sites also link people together through allowing us to create our own groups , pages or sites to share our hobbies , interests and studies in particular subjects .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global , inter-connected world .
However , social media sites also have its second side of negative impact on humans .
Undeniable , it becomes more addicting when we spend more time busy socialising and interacting virtually .
We spend the majority of our time on sites like Facebook , Twitter and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
In the corporate world , employers often block social media networks to prevent employees spending their office time on their personal leisure rather than concentrating on their work .
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media networks also has a bad impact on us in the long term .
The more time we spend on these sites , the less time we spend on face-to-face interacting with one another .
Hence , it lessens valuable interaction between humans and time we spend away from the computer screen or mobile phone .
In addition , there are also some false reports and fake IDs occurring on both social media sites that people use fake IDs to insult or harass someone , like the case of Heather Chua , which occurred recently on Facebook .
These malicious comments often go viral and it creates a strong negative effect on the real user in real life , which might lead to an unwilling attitude to interact with others in real life by the victim .
In conclusion , everything has its two-sided effects and it depends on how we exploit it .
With the current booming technology , it is agreeable that people have become more technology-savvy and they want to spend more time interacting with each other through social media sites . However , it does not mean that we should neglect face-to-face human interaction as it plays an even more important aspect in our life .
As more and more social websites such as Twitter , Facebook and Weibo have become ubiquitous , seamless and imperative in our life , people may worry about the younger generation having problems with face-to-face communication skills .
However , I believe that the benefits brought by these online chatting rooms tremendously outweigh their repercussions .
Social media enables us to explore the world far far away without paying for expensive airplane tickets and sparing a one-week holiday .
The convenience is beyond description .
With a small smart phone or a computer at school , at work or at home , we can easily make friends worldwide with a 'click ' and get to know about their lives through having conversations with them , reading their blogs , photos and status .
Compared to face-to-face interaction , online conversation is easier for strangers to open their mouths to each other .
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier to find some common topics to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to share boldly their real feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off .
This has been indicated in a report done by Boston University in 2012 , 80 % of information posted online is true while a person may like 3 out of 10 times in real life .
This shows that a facebook friend may know more about you than your close friend who does not have a facebook account .
That is because we are acting who we are in reality while we have no reason to do that in the online virtual world .
Although sometimes genuine sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , such as the prevalent use of vulgarity and harsh-meaning comments , we can minimize those repercussions through strict regulations of content online .
Another advantage of social media is aiding the spread of democracy .
People around the world could easily share their thoughts about their governments .
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what is actually happening around them .
One of the examples is the 2012 riots which happened in Egypt and Zambia .
The idea of searching for democracy is passed from Egyptians to people in Zambia quickly through the use of social media .
However , as the government controls most of the media .
These social media may be tools of their campaign and manipulate the thoughts of the public .
For example , in the 2012 general election in Singapore , Dr Tan Chee Keong made use of facebook to spread his campaign videos to the public .
Though because of this , social media is still a much fairer and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional media .
Intensive use of social media does reduce the time people spend on face-to-face communication .
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant that a group of people sitting together around a table with each of them having a cell phone in their hands .
They are too busy with their way too many virtual friends and some of them neglect the feelings of their real-life friends .
In this case , I have to say that err is human .
What we can do is to educate the public about the importance of having their friends just by their side and teach them to manage their time well .
In conclusion , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lives .
What we can do is to cautiously manage our time spent online and manage our words used online .
With the regulation of the government and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
Social media sites ' role in connecting people around the world is undeniable .
Thanks to social media , communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
Apart from the ease of communication despite the distance , many other advantages , such as knowledge sharing and trade can be done through social media as well .
Nevertheless , with those advantages , some disadvantages may appear , such as reduction in face-to-face human contact which affects interpersonal skills , privacy issues , as well as some fraud that can be done through social media .
Twitter , Facebook and Skype are some social media sites which enable us to keep in touch with our friends or family who are in other cities or countries .
Through those sites , we are able to talk to them , to know what their activities are and who their friends are , etc. From the surface point of view , it is no doubt that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives despite the distance .
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well . That is why , nowadays , many news publishers have their own social media accounts . For example , Channel News Asia has a twitter account and will update its followers with headline news .
That shows how news and information can be shared easily through social media .
Furthermore , since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media , this information can reach them easily without them need to watch or listen to the news reports .
Due to the popularity of social media , many people have started to do their business via these sites .
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook , whether it is our friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online . We can get to buy and contact the sellers through those sites , which can be considered as an advantage for us , the buyers .
However , is it the same when we keep in touch with someone virtually compared to when we meet them personally ?
I do think there is a difference between them and I believe many of us will agree .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our feelings and many do not become ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us .
Other than that , sometimes the message of one party can not be delivered properly to the other one since the communication is done through written language , and thus the 'tone ' of the message sent and when it is received may be different .
Many people are very brave in telling people about their opinions online , but in real life some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
This will lead to bad inter-personal skills as well as a problem of trust .
Nowadays , we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media since we will never know whether they are even 'real' .
Some people fake their identities on media sites so that they can know more people or some may even cheat others .
In addition , privacy issues have become more popular nowadays since some people do not realize that they may actually share some information that they are not willing to share in the first place .
Therefore , while social media sites undoubtedly have benefits in our lives , we should consider their drawbacks and thus use them wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and it disadvantages us in the smallest way possible .
It is a common scene that almost everyone on public transport is watching the phone or wearing a pair of earpieces in this modern society today .
Not only one , but many developed and developing countries have the same picture .
Some say that it is a necessary step for human revolution .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people in order for them to connect to others , even from different countries .
It also brings many negative effects , such as loss of face-to-face communication skills which are important in their workplace .
This essay will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life .
One of the significant advantages of using a popular social media site is that people can reach each other easily , even without contact for a long time .
In this fast - pace and competitive world , people may not be able to keep in touch with others .
With the help of social media sites , people are able to upload their new discoveries and funny scenes on it and they can be updated the new information from their friends .
Personally , I studying overseas . The busy study life keeps me away from contact with my old friends .
Using a common social media site with my friends to help me know what their status is nowadays .
And I am able to easily find a common topic when I contact them .
In Singapore , many Malaysians cross the sea to work here .
Many of them are busy at work and separate from their children .
One of the managers in my workplace has the same situation .
After my manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
Therefore , my manager would not miss the moments of her daughter 's growth .
Social media sites are also a very useful tool for people to start a new friendship or relationship .
People get connected or closer with the same preferences .
It is easier for people to approach each other after knowing the information .
Students can exchange their experiences in studying even though they are in different countries .
People are able to share the culture or pretty photos online , therefore others can spread the joy with them .
Thus , I believe that social media sites are one useful tool to help people get to know each other better .
However , social media sites are a double-sided sword . it also brings in some negative effects on our daily life .
One of the disadvantages that many people are concerned about is that people lose the interest in face-to-face communication .
Many people like to use language to pretend to themselves , and lose confidence when they talk to each other .
Although not everyone is good at public relationships , even without the existence of social media sites , we can not deny that it does affect some people in their ability of interpersonal skills .
In conclusion , shadow always exists when there is light .
We should take the advantages of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
Social media sites are supposed to be a very useful and convenient tool to use and bring people closer in this globalised world .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways of communicating with one another .
Online friends become real - life friends and real - life friends communicate with one another online .
Social media has changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships profoundly .
There are advantages and disadvantages to this change .
Social media has reshaped the way of communication .
In real life , we communicate with one another as equal participants .
We share ideas , stories and forge friendship based on mutual respect .
However , communication on social media is largely based on " broadcasting and listening " .
When we use facebook and post pictures and status .
We are actively " presenting " fa รง ades of our lives in front of others .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks , status that are funny .
We broadcast these facades of us to others .
The images we choose to present are tentatively considered .
The audience is not some specific person , but everyone we might know , or even the entire world .
There is an element of seeking out for attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
On the other hand , the viewers are not the listeners .
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of pictures and status and see one of them which they might think is funny .
It is not the broadcasters themselves they care about , but the content .
This type of communication does not help forging interpersonal relationships .
In real life , establishing friendship requires an all-rounded understanding of one another and caring for one another .
The latter requires face - to - face interaction where we can show our emotions to the other .
One can not truly understand a person by only stalking his/her facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to present .
One can not truly show their emotions to another by texting some = ) signs .
The broadcasting and viewing model is not good for forging relationships .
However , it is good for sharing information .
On social media , everyone is a broadcaster and a viewer .
With my social network account , I seldom read newspapers or go to news websites anymore , because I can easily read them from the status of my friends .
If I am interested in politics , I can just follow some political newspapers or public figures .
I get news about sales , clothes and cosmetics from my friends .
If some of my friends have horrible taste in clothes and he/she posts them often , I can simply block him/her off .
Information circulated .
The most popular information gets circulated the most , so I can seldom miss it .
Social networks play a role in providing and also filtering information .
This saves a lot of time for me from reading newspapers and watching TV .
Personally , I feel more at ease on social media .
From the above two points of view , I think social media could forge more interest-based friendships .
With the help of social media , I become real - life friends with those from online forums whom I share the same interest with .
I also discover some of my friends ' interests which I find in common with myself , so that talking to one another is much more about life , study , friends , etc .
Communication does not focus on how we feel , or what to say to each other , but whatever is interesting , or the content .
In this case , interpersonal skills are not as important because our goal is not to impress somebody , but to get the information that we are both interested in .
In conclusion , I think social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human-based friendship that requires sharing and caring between friends , to a more information-based friendship that requires mutual interest .
There are advantages and disadvantages itself . However , whether it is good or bad , we are still not sure .
It is just different .
Advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life
People living in the modern world really can not live without social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Almost all students and young adults possess a Facebook or Twitter account .
It is true that social media makes people able to connect with one another more conveniently .
However , it seems that , especially for some those , sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on social media sites has become really necessary .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered that a group of friends met and sat around one table , but none of them were really chatting with one another .
Instead , all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this " cheerful " meeting on their social media sites .
Therefore , there is a need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
Social media enables people from different parts of the world to communicate with one another .
People used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with those who lived far away from them in the past .
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the messages .
Nowadays , what people need to do is just type in front of the computer in their own rooms .
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the message .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , which is convenient , especially when instant chat is needed .
However , when people become more and more addicted to this convenience and fail to communicate with people who are close to them , their face-to-face interpersonal skills are lost .
Social media provides people with a way of talking and chatting which can never be considered as a way of communication .
When one chats on those media sites , there is no eye connection , no emotion delivery and even the expressions are typed in by using some combinations of punctuations .
For more convenience , sentences are shortened to simply three or four words such as lol ( which means laugh intensively ) and " asap " ( which means as soon as possible ) .
People indeed go to great lengths to make their words as short as they can .
While , once they are communicating with people on their face , expressing themselves appropriately becomes really a big problem .
Social media also provides people with huge brunch information about people and things that they are interested in .
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore , like famous movie and series stars , business men and entrepreneurs .
It makes people feel extremely close to their admirers ' lives and works .
Updated news people care about can be easily obtained when you refresh your social media sites on your smart phones and laptops almost every time at any time .
However , after one has registered on those social media sites which are not reliable , all the information you have filled in will be a weapon against you in the future .
Furthermore , not everyone on social media sites is honest .
The profile picture may not be the person who that user says he or she really is .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to " decorate " his or her face .
But there is a possibility that the person on the other side is deceiving you in order to obtain your information against you .
