My answer is no .
On one hand , we do not want this potential danger causing firghtenning affects in our families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we have got certain disease , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring for us too much or keeping us away from us .
And both are not what we want , since most of us just want to live as normal people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted by worrying about these problems .
It is a concern that will be with us during our whole life , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb' ' will explode .
On the other hand , if there are ways that can help us to control or cure the disease , we can go through this process from the scope of the whole family .
For example , if exercising is helpful for family potential disease , we can always look for more chances for the family to go exercise .
And we keep track of all family members ' health conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members got this disease .
Here I want to share my view on this issue .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
In fact , requiring someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
"
Nothing is absolute right or wrong .
If a certain disease genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others , it is OK to disclose the result .
Above all , life is more important than secrets .
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
Finally , what affects one family may or may not affect another , although the family has a common genetic make up , shared by both of the parents .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , disclosing or otherwise , to his or her relatives is solely a matter of preference within the individual moral system .
The issue of the right to know or not to know is highly debatable . Although it is a genetic risk , one can not be sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either his parents - his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts or cousin .
This also means that as soon as a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurently has knowledge about others .
This knowledge may relavant to them , and vice versa .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer .
It is hereditary .
Does someone who suffers from this disease keep it a secret from their relatives ?
In retrospect , it is also one duty to ensure that he or she undergoes periodic healthchecks on their own .
Sometimes some family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication .
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from : the son or daughter , for example , the parents who know about this would decide who gets told and whom takes precedence in being 'allowed ' to tell .
For example , within a family , regardless of who had first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring , either adult at risk .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information as they are not want to know .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
The notion of authority is also extended 'vertically' .
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt , even when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is .
From a practitioner 's perspective , these findings are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct , they may not be in line with geneticists ' views of family relationships , or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal morals and the nature of how 'directive ' the risk is to them .
People with close blood relationships generally carry some similar genes .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry a genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others know about the risk so that his/her family members are able to perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the correspongding flows .
In my opinion , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self privacy , it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease .
I agree with this statement to a large extent .
Focus on the negative side of the annouance of genetic risk first .
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it as a secret as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance to carry certain disease .
Especially for young people without marriage , if he/she is known to have some genetic risk , there may be a certain chance that his/her child will carry the same disease , but not certain .
Therefore , keeping the information as a secret to his/her future would help the relationship .
Secondly , annouance the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue . Although the factor would not be that serious , people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future , thus go to hospital and do additional check or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease , and this creats unnecessary costs to the family .
Furthermore , the annouance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance to get the potential disease .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept as a secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extent and help to keep privacy , it has much larger negative impacts on the family members and relatives .
First , for the case of marriage , people should be honest and tell their spouce they may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offspring .
It is better to let the other party know the fact than after the baby is born and a certain type of genetic disease is found .
It is better for both parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic disease has a close relationship with the born gene together with their daily habits .
For example , if a carrier is told that he/she has the risk of having diabetes .
In this case , the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake too much sugars , and at the same time , if the carrier tells this information to the relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future becouse of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not know , they may end up with having diabete in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , we could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers ' relatives than the costs .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives , in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large number of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
Genetic disorders may or may not be a hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out if one has these kinds of diseases .
There is a long discussion about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by a gene .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no , but from the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
We ca n't make a law to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his genetic problem .
It is immoral and impractical .
Firstly , someone having what kind of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
Privicy protection belongs to one 's human rights .
If a law requires someone to tell others ' his or her privacy , especially when one is not willing to do so .
It is against his or her human rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
The law 's spirit also includes fairness .
What is the basic difference between genetic disorders and other disorders ?
It is unfair to release a law only point to the genetic disorder .
In addition , it is impractical to make such a law .
A good law should be clear and easy to execute .
However , there are many problems with the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her relatives the cause of his or her disease .
Firstly , what is the range of the relatives ?
For example , does the carrier only need to tell his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
If you say only need to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of the law .
Other relatives may have the same possibility of having such a kind of disease .
How can a law made by the government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potetial disease ?
However , from the ethical point of view .
To the carrier himself , he or she should have a feeling of responsibility to tell his or her relatives about their genetic disorder .
By doing it , they may be able to save some lives of their relatives .
It is because a carrier with a bad gene may not necessarily have those genetic diseases , if they can have a coresponding healthy lifestyle before the age that the gene 's function becomes stronger .
A typical example is genetic caused hypertension .
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in the blood , which can cause hypertension .
People usually get this kind of hypertesion after they become adults .
However , if they already know they have a gene , that may make them have higher possibilities of getting hypertention .
They can build a daily habit to eat less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't push a genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives , but he or she should be willing to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem .
By doing so , less of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
In the age of rapid technological advancement , a lot of medical breakthroughs have made possible .
Genetic testing is made possible and available for one 's decision to undergo .
It is able to detect illnesses or diseases and even a child 's parentage .
However , it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives , there might be chances for them to have it in their blood , which they may take necessary precautions to prevent .
But , if it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease , most of the relatives will be disheartened upon having the knowledge about it .
Therefore , some carriers will have the opinion of keeping it as a secret .
This essay will discuss whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not .
Some say that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered personal information which should be kept confidential .
Most patients will be depressed after realising his or her conditions .
If one has a genetic disease after the test , he or she might not wish to inform the relatives as he might end up disheartening his extended family .
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring in any pessimism into their family .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden to anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Hence , some see it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease confidential .
On the other hand , others may think that it will be considerate to tell the relatives because the latter will have a higher tendency of getting the same genetic risk .
Hence , they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to take some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases , given in the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is realised at an early stage .
Hence , with the knowledge of having genetic risk , the relatives of this genetic disease will do a medical check-up , which might save them from realising it at an earlier stage .
In conclusion , it should be important to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to relatives .
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention , such as financial issues , everyone should be given the right to know their family 's inherented medical conditions .
However , some think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about it and will continue leading a happy life .
In addition , some may think that even knowing about having a genetic risk of the disease , will just add on to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it .
All-in-all , it depends on the individual and also the nature of the disease , but he or she should be obligated to inform the relatives if there are possibilities of curing or preventing it .
Genectic testing is a personal decision , with the knowledge that there is a possibility that one could be a carrier or not .
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even though if there is no risk at all .
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
For a genetic risk carrier , there should be choice given with regards to informing his/her relatives .
They should not be forced or obligied to do so , as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
With regard to this choice given , there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision making .
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child , then most likely the decision of informing the relative should be made with the consideration of the patients ' parents or legal guardian .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unaware of the consequences of such a genetic disorder due to their young age .
Furthermore , the act of informing others without the consent of their parents or the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Thus , much thought needs to be put into the immediate family as it could cause a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members .
Some families may feel hurt , with regards to their family pride or reputation , on having the knowledge of such a genetic disorder running in their family .
However , there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives since it is a genetic disorder .
There might be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family tree .
The importance of informing relatives of such a genetic disease is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevention of the genetic disorder .
