The Exhibition will show all the latest fashion in a very wide range from sports wear to make - - up and even hairstyles .
What is more , the show is free for all the students .
We feel that taking part in it would be a great opportunity for us since we will be able to have some information about the world of fashion , which is becoming more and more important in our nowadays .
Under the circumstances , I was asked by the class to inform you about the show and to ask if it could be possible to make some changes in the programme if it could to visit the Exhibition .
It will take place on Tuesday from 10.00am to 19.00pm , so we could give up the shopping and go to the show in the afternoon .
I hope you will consider this possibility and tell us as soon as possible if you intend to accept our proposal .
Yours faithfully
Being famous and risk is something all of us have dreamt of sometimes .
But not always famous people are happy with their condition .
Usually , if you ask them what they would desire most , the answer is : " I would like to be able to live like ordinary people do . "
There is no surprise to this answer : famous people can not have their own private life .
Whenever they go out , they are suddenly " hounded " by groups of journalists and photographers who want an interview or a photo .
They can not even have a pizza with a friend who stops them and asks them for an autograph .
But the worst thing of all is that they are often victims of malicious gossips , which most of the time are not even true .
In conclusion , I believe that it is certainly tight that famous people accept their condition , with all the advantages and disadvantages it brings . On the other hand , however , I think that they deserve to have a private life as all other people have .
Also , the most famous stars can be unhappy and depressed : not always , in fact , money and celebrity being happiness .
Dear Mr Robertson ,
Thank you for the programme which you have organised for the three days in London .
However , some students in our class have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would like to have an opportunity to go to the show .
The show opens between ten and seven p.m on Tuesday , March 14 at the Central Exhibition Hall in London .
The latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make - up and hairstyles are expected to be displayed and studied .
We have concerned it as a great opportunity to touch a part of the latest cultures , which are concentrated and sharpened in London .
In addition , admission for students is free .
Taking the programme and the show into consideration , we suggest that we could have time to go to the show in the afternoon on Tuesday .
We suppose that in free time on Wednesday we can find some time for shopping .
We hope that you consider our suggestion .
Yours faithfully ,
The ways of living are always changing .
It is no doubt that the functions and structures of the home have been changing as well as that of transformation , for example , .
Thinking about the home of the future , First of all , nuclear families should be expected because of new technologies , which make house - keeping easier and simpler and because of the idea which encourages us to live in cities for a convenient life .
People may tend to avoid living in a large number of families in an expected small house in a city .
On the other hand , the bond between parents and children should not be unlikly to change .
People always need their parents , children and so on .
The longer and further they live on their own , the more they may feel that they need a family .
New materials will surely change the home of the future in many ways .
It is just staff around us improving and turning into new ones .
Hopefully , the minds of people will stay peaceful and tender in the future .
Dear Mrs. Ryan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I was very surprised that I had won the first prize in your competition .
First I would like to mention that I can only travel in July , because I will work in August in a web designer studio .
So I am unable to go on holiday another time .
I would prefer to stay in a tent because I like camping very much .
I think it 's more exciting to be in a tent than in a log cabin .
I was very surprised that you offer such a great variety of sports and courses .
I would like to do basketball and painting .
I played basketball at school for about two years .
I am rather good at it .
I also had painting as my main subject at school for five years .
I like painting very much , and I think I am good at painting .
I paint a lot in my free time .
I prefer painting landscapes and fantasy - pictures .
I would like to ask you , how much money will we need ?
Which clothes should we take with us ?
I hope to hear from you soon .
Yours sincerely
First I would like to point out that it was a good idea to present our school in a short film .
I think first of all we should film an English lesson , where pupils could prepare some group work or information - boards .
I think it is also important to present a common English lesson . Maybe the pupils could write " offers and orders " or enquiries on the blackboard .
Next I would film a BWPM lesson .
This subject teaches the pupils how to make good presentations .
They go together in groups , then they prepare power - point presentations and at least they present them in front of the other pupils and teachers .
It would also be very interesting to film the situation during the break .
The smokers in the school yard , the buffett and the other pupils , who are sitting in front of their tables writing their homework .
I think then we should film an information lesson .
It would be funny to present the computers , which are often overcharged , or often the netserver is spinning .
It 's really funny to see the helpless teacher , who wants to go on writing in excel or a word text , while the computers do not work or break down .
I think that would be all for our video .
In my opinion , these are the most interesting things in our school .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to complain about your entertainment which was advertised in the last edition of " Plays " .
I am afraid that reality has nothing to common with the things I expected to meet .
First of all , the prices were n't lower in any case , although you advertised the information like that .
Then , I expected the show to start on time , but it turned out that I had to wait 45 minutes .
Moreover , when the play started , I could n't look at the actors .
I was especially disappointed by Danny Brook , who made me nervous with his lack of talent .
According to your advertisement , there was a possibility to have dinner in your restaurant , but I was surprised when I found it closed .
After that , I should also mention that this evening was dull , boring and the worst of my life .
I am looking forward to hearing from you and I insist that you refund my lost money at once .
Yours faithfully ,
Come back to paradise
There is no doubt that fashion affects people and makes them obsessed with this subject , but what can be designed ?
Can you imagine the trend which will be as shocking as it has never been ?
Clothes are part of each culture and one of these things which expresses our taste and personality .
People spend a lot of money to buy something extraordinary , feel comfortable and stand out .
They come up with many ideas but they ca n't last for a long time .
Nowadays , it 's getting obvious that designers sell only details , but significant changes do n't occur .
Styles mix , colours and shapes come back from the past , only the fabrics are different .
People look for something new but it is not so easy to be creative all the time . Teenagers are bored with casual fashion and their parents laugh at them because of the fact they wear ordinary clothes .
That 's why I believe in the solution , which is the closest to human nature and can help us to omit boredom . I am sure that at last we will take off our clothes and in the future we will be undressed and free . There wo n't be any problem with being up - do - date .
As was previously stated , I am convinced that reality will turn out to be a paradise where the most important thing will be our body and the purity of our soul .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in connection with the musical show I saw in your theatre a week ago .
Although the show was supposed to be London 's newest and best musical show , I am rather disappointed with it .
Firstly , I was really looking forward to seeing Danny Brook and Tina Truelove on the stage .
However , you changed actors without informing viewers .
As if this were not enough , the show was forty - five minutes late .
Your leaflet was rather misleading on this subject .
According to your leaflet , tickets were supposed to be a bit cheaper , but I was refused being given a discount .
On top of everything , the theatre restaurant was closed .
You can imagine how disappointed I must be to spent such an imperfect evening .
I demand a full refund or I will be forced to take this matter further .
I look forward to receiving your prompt reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Recently , we have had a very interesting discussion about how science and technology affect our lives .
My life has also changed as a result of modern technology .
Thanks to computers , phones , mobile phones , and the internet , I can communicate with other people faster than I was able to do before .
My father is a sailor and I meet him only four times a year .
But thanks to my mobile phone , I can contact him even if he is sailing in the Atlantic Ocean .
I also enjoy shopping on the internet .
This way , I do n't have to queuing in shops and supermarkets and I can choose fashionable clothes .
In the future , I would love to be a doctor , especially a cardiologist .
Nowadays , modern technology is used in medicine more often and it can minimise the risk of the death of patients .
However , I can see some disadvantages of technological progress .
First of all , I spend too much time indoors playing on the computer or watching TV . I know that if I want to keep fit and stay healthy , I must take up some sport .
Moreover , modern technology has made our environment more polluted .
That 's why we should abandon cars from city centres , close down factories which produce too much sewage .
Although modern progress has made our life easier , it may also be harmful .
We should all be aware of these consequences of modern technology and use it considerably .
Dear Helen Ryan ,
I am writing to answer all the questions that you asked me in your last letter .
First of all , I wanted to thank you for giving me the first prize in your competition .
It is very important for me , because I always wanted to travel to the U.S.A.
I would be able to travel only in July because it is the only month when I do n't have to go to school .
I would prefer to stay in a tent because , as I had never slept in a tent , it would be a new experience for me .
The two activities that I choose are : basketball and climbing .
I am a very good basketball player because I have been playing basketball since I was six years old .
On the other hand , I have never climbed a mountain but I always wanted to do it .
I wondered what kind of clothes I should take to the camp and I wanted to know how much money I should take .
I look forward to knowing the date of the camp .
Yours faithfully ,
Dear Kim ,
Thank you for your last letter .
It was very interesting and I enjoyed reading it .
As you know , I enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month .
It was a very good experience and I am going to tell you all about it .
First of all , I had to sell tickets for the concert in the street .
As I sold all the tickets that the organisers gave me , I won a prize of ten pounds .
Do n't ask me how the concert was !
Because during the concert I was working in the kitchen of the stadium bar , preparing sandwiches .
I am angry because I could n't watch the artists performing their songs .
When the concert was finished , some friends and I went for a drink .
It was a very important experience for me because I learnt all about the organisation of a pop concert .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours ,
Dear Mr Robertson
My name is ... and I am a student representative .
I am writing to you on behalf of my class concerning our trip to London .
First of all , I would like to thank you for organizing the programme .
I read it and found it very good , especially the Science Museum and National Art Gallery as I am interested in the arts .
However , I have a great proposition for you .
Students in my class have recently seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show .
I think it is a great opportunity for us , as it is at the time of our being in London and is free of charge for students .
Girls should like to see the latest fashion , new make - up and interesting hairstyles .
Boys are interested in seeing leisure and sportswear .
I would like to suggest a change in the programme by giving up shopping and going to the London Fashion and Leisure Show .
I hope you will consider this proposition and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
THE HOME OF THE FUTURE
Home is an important element in everybody 's life .
It gives you safety .
I do not know people who would not want to have a home .
We like our houses . That is why we are always trying to make them more comfortable and useful .
I think The Home of the Future will be bigger as we will need more room for us , our belongings and interests .
The construction will be more simple , which will give us a feeling of balance .
More houses will have gardens which will make us feel closer to nature .
Many people think that we will resign from a kitchen which is a useless place , as we will spend most of the time at work and will eat outside .
I do not think so .
Because of computers , we will have the possibility of working at home . . Therefore , home will be a very important place worth paying attention to .
Take care of your home , do not hesitate about it and you will be very happy .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I went to the Circle Theatre to see the musical show " Over The Rainbow . "
Unfortunately , I had a very disappointing evening , because very little of what was offered in the advertisements was provided .
Firstly , we were informed that Danny Brook was starring but a different actor was starring in the show and he was really disappointing .
Secondly , in the advertisement it was written that the show was to start at 19:30 .
However , it started at 20:15 , almost an hour late .
Thirdly , it was written that discounts were available but we were again frustrated , seeing they were not available .
Finally , although we were informed that the theatre restaurant would be open after the show , it was closed because the show had started late .
As you can see , most of the offered activities in the advertisements were not provided .
We did not have " a perfect evening " as it was written . Actually , we had an evening full of the theatre 's mistakes and were extremely disappointed .
I suppose it will be better for your theatre 's reputation to give at least some of my money back .
Yours Sincerely ,
MY LIFE AND MODERN TECHNOLOGY
Here we are , in the 21st century ... We live in a technologically well - developed world , having every opportunity for communication , education and entertainment .
Almost everyone has televisions , computers and electronic devices .
But how has modern technology changed our lives ?
If I were to talk about my own life , my speech would be simple : " My electronic alarm - clock wakes me up in the morning .
I go to school by underground .
When I come home , I cook my meal in the microwave .
In my spare time , I watch television , play on my computer , or chat on the internet ... " There is no sentence without electronic devices .
I wonder what I could do without them ... I do n't go out with my friends or read books .
I have friends on the internet and can learn anything while surfing on it .
I sometimes get bored or feel isolated , because I know I am living in a virtual world .
When I look at my life , I can understand I am dependent on machines .
My daily life is programmed up to the virtual world I created .
Modern technology has changed my life completely .
Dear Ms. Clark ,
I am writing to give my opinion about the International Arts Festival which was held on 21st and 22nd November .
I went to the rock concert by U2 and the Chinese film " Chung King Express " .
Both of them were not only really enjoyable , but also reasonably - priced .
However , I feel that it would be even better if there were some improvements .
First of all , it would be greater if there were more famous people who have various nationalities .
Because most of them were from English - speaking countries this year .
In addition , larger halls should be provided for concerts since a lot of people could not get tickets for those by big stars .
Moreover , personally , I hope that the number of plays and films will increase .
I think they are the nearest ' arts ' in real life .
I would be glad if you consider my suggestions .
Yours faithfully ,
Money - hasn't it always been one of the most important problems for students ?
Of course , you ca n't afford a luxury car and a large apartment unless you 're born with a silver spoon .
However , there are some good ways for you to earn enough money to enjoy yourself .
How about working as a waiter or waitress ?
Not only is it a simple job , but you can also enjoy working with many colleagues at your age .
It would be great fun to make friends outside your class or club .
If you say that the wage is far from satisfactory , why do n't you teach younger students as a private teacher ?
It 's also a really popular job among university students because of the good salary .
If you are interested in teaching and responsible enough , you 'll probably become an excellent teacher .
Stop complaining about lack of money and let 's start working to have a new world .
You 'll find that your life is becoming more and more enjoyable !
Dir Madam
I 'm writing to you in reply to your letter .
I was really surprised when I opened it .
I look forward to going to Camp California in the USA .
I would like to travel only in July because my family is going to visit me in August and I will have to look after them .
I prefer staying in tens to staying in log cabins .
Because it reminds me of my childhood . I used to go with my friends to the camp , which was situated on the seaside .
We always enjoy ourselves .
Never had I had such a great time .
From your list of activities , I choose sailing and climbing .
I 'm keen on sailing . It is my favourite sport .
I find it very attractive .
I have been sailing since my father bought a boat in 1980 , when I was only five years old .
However , I have never taken part in any competitions connected with this sport .
For me , it is only a hobby .
Last year I took up climbing and I want to carry on learning this sport .
I would like to ask what kinds of clothes I should take with me . and I wonder if prices are high there .
Yours faithfully
Angelina
I used to like shopping , but recently I have come across many disadvantages of this activity .
Most people think that if they have got money they will buy everything they want .
It is n't true .
Nowadays , we have many big shopping centers .
We like them because everything is in one place .
The most suitable time for shopping is the weekend when parents do n't work and children haven't got school .
Because of that , shopping centers are over crowded .
You ca n't buy something in a peaceful and calm atmosphere .
In addition , in such kinds of shops , prices are very high , of course not all of them .
However , such centers are very useful and necessary .
In my opinion , the worst thing which may have happened is the queu to the changing room .
It is really exhausting .
Afterwards , you are all in .
Nevertheless , sometimes shopping can be enjoyable .
If you bought something gorgeous , you would be very happy .
On balance , I think that shopping should be a nice thing , so if you are in a bad mood do n't go shopping .
Dear Mr. Robertson
First of all , I want to thank you on on behalf of the class for your good organisation and programme , especially for the fact that you are giving us some free time .
