We really appreciate this .
However , we have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show .
The show is on Tuesday the 14th of March , from 10 oo to 19 oo o'clock in the Central Exhibition Hall .
They will be shown the latest fashions in leisure and sports wear , make - up and hairstyles .
This is a great opportunity for us , because we haven't been before to this kind of show .
As well as this , entrance for students is free .
As you can see , this is the best time to go there .
We have some suggestions about how to change the programme .
Instead of visiting the Science Museum on Tuesday , we could go there on Wednesday afternoon and instead of going shopping on Tuesday afternoon , we could maybe stop at some places during the sightseeing tour and buy something .
To sum up , this is a really great opportunity for us and I do n't think that the changes are so big .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerelly
The man is a being that needs to live close to other human beings and to create a society around him .
As well as this , he needs his own free space and privacy .
This is also important to him as friendship and family .
In our society , some people are treated like animals in the zoo by the press .
Just because they are famous and well known to a large number of other people .
The newspapers print everything about them .
The yellowpress is searching for every little piece of information they can get .
The photographers are chasing these people , just to take a picture of them on how they eat or with the meat .
The photos will be in tomorrow 's press and so rumours are born .
On the other hand , people have chosen to walk on this path .
Everything in life has a price .
The price of fame and money is the loss of privacy .
First of all , you have to give up something to get something else .
However , the press should n't create rumours and hunt those people like animals .
As well as this , the stars should n't complain at any time about their fans and their loss of privacy .
They wanted to be famous and they had known the price before .
The fans and the press are those who have made them rich and famous .
Dear Sir or Madam !
I 'm writing to you because of the musical show " Over the rainbow " , which I visited on Friday the 16th of June in your theatre .
There are several points I have to complain about which made the evening not nice at all .
At first , the show started much later than it was written out .
Instead of half past seven , the show started at quarter past eight . I could n't go to have a refreshment for two reasons . The first one is that there was no information how much time the start of the show was going to be late .
The second reason is that the restaurant of the theatre was closed because of building plans for the next two months .
After I waited for about 45 minutes , the show suddenly started , but I had to realize that the main actor , Danny Brook , who was the reason why I went into the show , had been traded by another actor , who could n't sing half as good as Brook .
On your ticket , information is written out that discounts are available . When I asked at the ticket reception , I could n't get any discount for being a student .
As a result , the evening in your theatre and the show was very disappointing and not as promised .
For these reasons , I want to ask you to get my money back .
reasently
Miss. Winkler
What is the prize ?
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
He did n't want to say what Sarah had just told him , it just came through his mouth , when he talked to James .
" Sarah won in a quiz show ? " James was more than just interested , he wanted to know what she had won .
But Pat made a promise not to tell anybody about the quiz show and he already had told enough .
After one hour , the high class had heard about Sarah 's secret .
Everybody was interested in what she had won , but nobody wanted to ask Sarah because it was told in a secret to them .
Sarah realized that everybody was nice and friendly to her , but something was going on in the class . When she turned around a talking and wispering started .
Suddenly , she went to Pat and asked him if he would tell anybody about our secret .
Pat told her everything .
Sarah looked at him for a while , then she stood in front of the class and explained to the others that she had won a prize for 20 people to travel for 1 week to the sea of southern France and everybody of the 19 pupils was invited , except Pat who was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Manager of the Circle Theatre
17th June 2000
Dear Sir ,
I am waiting for this letter re fearing about the show " over the Rainbow " you presented on the 11th of this month .
I read your advertisement five days before , and I was really impressed by it .
But , the quality of this show was n't what you understand , and I felt really disappointed by it .
I want to give you some details about my feelings .
First of all , you presented a star composed by Danny Brook , but he was n't there !
Secondly , the show should have started at 19.30 , and in fact it started 45 minutes late .
Then , I am a student , and when I bought my ticket , there were n't any discounts .
Finally , I hoped that I could have a dinner in the restaurant after the show , but , to make me totally disappointed , it was closed , and I had to find another restaurant at 22.00 .
So you can imagine how I am satisfied by your pretending " Perfect Evening " .
For all these reasons , and if you want to keep me a customer , I would be grateful if you give me some or all my money back .
Looking forward to hearing from you ,
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
My marks were n't good enough to obtain my degree in Computer Science , and the exam session was finished .
There was no solutions to finally obtain the diploma .
You need more explanations about me to understand my motivations at the end of this story .
In fact , I did this kind of studies because of my interest in programming .
The problem is that I ca n't keep calm during an exam to succeed .
That 's why I decided to hack the teacher 's computers to change all my marks .
I never talked about this project to anyone , except my best friend Pat .
At the end of the exam session , all students and teachers meet together for a big party to celebrate it .
During this party , Pat drank too much .
And when he was totally drunk , he started speaking .
Then , the teachers made copies of their files , and my project was n't possible anymore .
So congratulations everybody .
And I think I will still be there next year .
Dear Mr Robertson ,
Many thanks for the programme you have organised .
It is really interesting and diverse at the same time .
There is just one thing I want to tell you ; Janine and Richey have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure show and we would all like to go to the show .
It is in the central Exhibition Hall , near the hotel , and it is only about fashion : the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make - up and hairstyles .
I think it could be very interesting and it is free for students ( which is really good ) .
It is a great opportunity because this show is only every two years and normally it is difficult to go in .
And , as you know , we are all interested in fashion .
In opinion , I would suggest going to the show instead of the National Art Gallery because we could go there another time .
Or , going to the show on Wednesday morning and in the afternoon , we can choose between free time or the National Art Gallery .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
I went out of the room , ran as much as I could and started thinking about what this man was doing here and who he was .
When I arrived in the street it was dark and windy , but I could see a shadow at the corner of the opposite street .
By the time I arrived here , he had disappeared .
Suddenly , I felt very tired and decided to go home .
My sister was standing , crying and showing him the front door .
I took her in my arms and opened the door : my mother was sitting in a chair , reading a book , with blood all around her .
I finally realized that she was dead .
The police arrived twenty minutes later , took my mother and checked to see what could be interesting in finding the murderer : lucky , the knife which he used to kill her was still here and , in fact , they could have arrested him .
They found him two months later and six months later he was in jail .
To forget everything , I moved to Irkind with my sister to a small house in the countryside .
Everything was going on , when one day , I went in the house and found my mother sitting in a chair reading a book , with blood all around her .
Dear Sir
I am writing a letter to complain about your advertisement for the musical show " Over the rainbow " , which is misleading in a number of ways .
Firstly , we arrived at 19.15 to be in time for the show , which should have started at 19.30 .
However , it started at 20.15 and we were all very disappointed .
Furthermore , it 's written in your advert that Danny Brook is in the play and that was one of the main reasons why we went .
Imagine how disappointed we got when we found out that he had been replaced .
Besides , when we wanted to buy our tickets we were hoping that a discount was available .
Unfortunately , it was n't and we could n't afford to buy everyone a ticket .
Finally , after the show we had planned to eat dinner at the theatre restaurant and we were very disappointed when it turned out to be closed .
Therefore , as you may understand , I 'm asking for a refund .
These kinds of misadventures can easily ruin your reputation .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets and the rumours describing me stealing soon reached the director 's office .
I was sent a letter in which it was written that the director wanted to meet me and my parents .
Sweating and afraid , I waited outside the director 's office the following day .
I was unable to imagine what would happen to me if my parents knew what I had stolen .
' You may enter ' said the director .
Tairs ran down my face as I admitted having stolen .
I was suprised that my father did n't watch me , but I soon understood that he was ignoring me .
Mother , on the other hand , looked at me and seemed both disappointed and betrayed .
During the trip home , none of us spoke .
We just sat calmly waiting for this nightmare to be over .
The same evening , my father pronounced a few words : ' May this be the end of your thieves career , We are only ready to forgive if you promise never to start again '
Dear Mrs Ryan ,
I am writing to answer to your letter in which you told me I won first prize in our competition , which was two weeks ago . I was very happy with this result since I did not think I could win .
First of all , I would like to tell you that I will be able to travel only in July because in the other months I will be too busy with my work .
In the second place , I add that I would prefer to stay in a tent , even though it is not very comfortable , because I want to put myself to the test by living in a condition I am not used to .
Besides this , in connection with the activities we will have the chance to do , I would like to inform you that I choose swimming and tennis because I am quite good at both , especially at tennis .
In addition to this , I would like to ask you which kind of clothes and how much money it is necessary to have , since I am undecided about it not knowing the cost of life in California .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Yours Sincerely ,
Marino Rizzo
The aim of this report is to suggest which activities of our daily life at school should be filmed to give the other students the idea of what we usually do , not only during the lessons but also the rest of the time .
Most of the students agree in saying that two are the main features of our daily life at school which should be filmed : it would be very funny to dwell on us working and speaking together without the help of the teacher to show our efforts and sometimes successful and sometimes ridiculous and also to film some amusing moments we spent waiting for the teacher .
A small percentage , on the contrary , said it would be very useful to film the teacher when she is explaining to us something important , to give an idea of real life in our classroom . which is the most .
Mr. Manager :
The purpose of this letter is to complain about my experience with the musical show " Over the Rainbow " , which really disappointed me .
First of all , there were no diccounts available as it was said in the advertisement , so I had to pay the original price , which was n't cheap at all .
Then , I was forced to wait forty - five minutes to see the show because it started at 20:75 instead of 19:30 and when it finally started , I was really disappointed to see that the actors were n't Danny and Tina as it said in the advertisement .
Finally , when the show finished , I could n't visit the theatre restaurant because it was closed for repairs .
So , as you can see , it was n't my perfect evening out at all . That 's why I demand you send me my money back .
Your really unsatisfied customer
How has modern technology affected my daily life ?
Since the beginning of human life , people have invented ways to make their life easier .
That is not difference from now .
We live surrounded by inventions which help us through the day .
From the vehicle we use to move faster to the light bulb we use at night , we constantly depend on these inventions to be able to do the things we have to do .
That 's why modern technology is so important in our daily life , because it helps to make our life easiest and to do what we have to do faster so then we can use better our time .
Warsaw , 13th of June 2000
Dear Mrs. Ryan ,
I am writing in response to your letter which I received two days ago and in order to answer all the questions I was asked .
First of all , the only month I will be able to visit the U.S.A. is July due to the fact that I have already arranged another trip for August .
Second of all , I would prefer to live in a tent .
I am used to this kind of accommodation since I have been taking part in survival camps for a long time .
As far as the activities are concerned , I have chosen sailing and surfing .
The reason for my decision is that other activities are available to take in my county , except climbing , but I have a fear of heights , so this one is not destinated for people like me .
Furthermore , I would like to ask you some questions .
What type of clothes should I take and how much money would be enough ?
Is this a kind of " all inclusive " holiday ?
Thank you in advance .
Yours faithfully ,
Ursula Sobczak
Warsaw , 13 June 2000
Dear Kim ,
I think I told you about my plans to join a group that helps at concerts , did n't I ?
Well , I took my chance and I was chosen to help at Michael Jackson 's concert .
Amazing , is n't it ?
The event took place a month ago at the Rock Stadium .
There were about 100 000 people .
We had a lot of things to do .
Actually , they put me very close to the stage , in the middle of the real hell .
Many people fainted and some of them , in the most serious cases , had to be taken to hospital .
The biggest problem was connected with some foreigners who could n't speak Polish or English and we did n't know how to help them .
Despite this fact , the atmosphere was terrific .
After the concert , many people lost their way home , mostly foreigners who did n't know the buses ' schedule .
We had to order taxis for them as they did n't have mobile telephones .
However , they were very nice people .
I did n't manage to meet Michael as I had expected , but apart from that , I really enjoyed the time I spent there .
You should also try it .
Best wishes ,
Ursula .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing to complain about a musical show which I saw recently at your theatre .
There are several reasons why I was n't satisfied with it .
Firstly , it was written in the advertisement that a famous actor , Danny Brook , would play in the show .
Despite that , a different actor performed in the performance , which was really disappointing .
Secondly , the beginning of the show was 45 minutes later than it was supposed to be .
Thirdly , no discounts were made when I was buying the tickets .
Lastly , the theatre restaurant was closed after the show .
That evening was n't my perfect one , although it was promised to be so in the advertisement .
This is the main reason why I want to ask for a refund .
In my opinion , this would be quite fair .
I 'm going to visit the Circle Theatre this Sunday .
I hope I 'll get at least a part of the money I 've paid back .
Yours faithfully ,
Fashion of the Future .
During the centuries , man 's clothes have been changed and even developed in some way .
People wore clothes made from metal , which were rather heavy , I suppose .
They wore enormous luxurious dresses , which , in my opinion , you ca n't feel very comfortable in .
Nowadays , people wear more ordinary clothes .
I think we can make a conclusion : during the centuries , man 's clothes have become less heavy and luxurious and more common .
People 's clothes have been changing from metalwear to shorts and miniskirts .
That 's why , I suppose that man 's clothes will become more and more light .
I think they will be made of universal materials , which will be rather light and thin .
People wo n't be embarrassed about showing the beauty of their bodies .
Perhaps , clothes will be rather small .
I think that different tops and mini - skirts will become more popular .
Maybe , people will create something even smaller than that .
Who knows what will happen in the future ?
Perhaps , metalwear will become a craze again .
Dear Mrs Ryan ,
I am very happy to have won the first prize in the competition , and I am going to clear up some details you asked me in your letter .
Firstly , because of my school exam , I would like to travel only in July .
However , I have chosen this month because I think the weather will be fine .
At Camp California , I hope I will be in a tent because I like very much this kind of style life : I love contact with nature .
In addition , during my stay in Camp California , I wanted to go swimming because I practice this activity regularly and I often do competitions : this is one of my hobbies .
In addition to this , I wish to sail : I have never tried it , but it seems to be great !
Finally , I have two questions : I wonder if I can change my French money in the Camp and what kind of clothes do I have to buy before coming ?
Yours sincerely .
Didier Bovie
Dear Kim ,
As you asked me in your last letter , I am going to tell you more about last month 's pop concert .
Firstly , I arrived five hours before the beginning of the concert in order to help the musicians to move the material from the van to the stage .
As soon as all the conections were made , we tested the nivel of the sound : I found it too loud , so I advised them to regular it , and they listed it to me !
Then , there was only one hour left to install the different colored lights : it was just enough time .
Thus , it was a fantastic afternoon because I like music very much , even if I do n't play any musical instruments .
Moreover , I learnt a lot about music , especially concerning the way of using an instrument .
Consequently , I hope I will play an instrument in the future , especially because the group promises me to help me to learn any instrument .
See you soon .
Best wishes
Didier Bovie
Dear Mr Robertson ,
On behalf of my class , I am writing to request a few changes in our London programme which has already been planned .
My friends have seen an advertisement for the London fashion and leissure show .
It will be held on 14th March .
We have decided it would be more interesting to see the latest fashions , make - up , hairstyles instead of going shopping .
We would suggest going to this fabolous show .
It is also free of charge for students .
We will be given a great opportunity to have fun and look around London .
We would all thank you for the organised programme .
I apologise for any inconvenience that this causes you . We would be pleased if you could make a new arrangement in your programme
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
CAN YOU IMAGINE THE NEW HOUSE ?
We spend most of our life in our houses .
We like them to show our lifestyle and , of course , feel comfortable .
I can imagine in the future how it would be ?
It would be much more technological or far less complex . It could be as simple as we think .
but the imagination of the lifestyle depends on the person .
On the other hand , it would not be changed .
Somehow I could say that the main appliance would have the same working structure .
