Well , I have rather modern parents , so they do n't prohibit me from going to the discoes or somewhere with my friends .
The only rule for me at home is to walk out with my dog three times a day .
I hope it was interesting for you to know about the rules in my life .
Look forward to hearing from you ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I went to Circle Theatre to watch the ' Over the rainbow ' musical show recently .
I was truly disappointed by it .
My expectations were high after I read your leaflet in which it was advertised as ' London 's newest and best musical show ' .
Now , I can assure you it was n't .
Firstly , it was Danny Brook who was supposed to star .
The substitute was far worse .
Secondly , I had to wait forty - five minutes before the show finally began .
Another unkept promise is the discounts .
There were n't any !
Lastly , when I got hungry after the delay , it appeared that the theatre restaurant was closed . You can believe me , it was n't ' my perfect evening out ' and I had no other choice than to ask to give my money back .
I paid for something I did n't get , so it is obvious that I want my money back .
I got the £ 15 ticket .
I 'd like you to send the money to this address ; ul Taklowa 10
Skoclow 43 - 430
POLAND
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
After two days , the whole school knew .
When Paul entered the school gate , other children began to tease him and laugh .
Paul could n't stand it .
He ran out quickly , leaving everyone behind .
He felt very ashamed and did n't know what to do .
Normally , he would go and talk to Pat , but Pat betrayed him .
They were no longer friends . '
How could he , ' Paul thought , ' Now the whole school knows Jean attracts me ' .
As he was sitting there , he heard someone walking towards him .
He turned around and saw ... Jean . '
What are you dong here , why are n't you at school ? '
she asked .
Paul was paralyzed .
He could n't reply . '
I had heard what you 've said about me ' , she said , I think it 's sweet ' .
Paul could n't believe his ears .
While he was thinking about how to reply , Jean took his hand and led him to the school .
When they entered , everyone became silent .
All the children were staring at them and Paul thought that Pat is n't that bad at all .
Cambridge 13.06.00
Dear Helen Ryan
Competition Organiser
I am glad to know about the news that I have received .
It is a dream that came true and was really unexpected for me !
I would like to travel in July because it is more suitable for me .
I think I would really enjoy it if I could stay in a tent . It is going to be a new experience and looks exciting .
About the activities while at the Camp , I would like to enjoy swimming , not because I am good at it , just because I am keen on it and the other one is photography .
As I have never done this in my whole life , could you tell me if we have to make our own meals or can I find everything ready to eat there ?
If not , what do you suggest ?
The same question for clothes and money .
How much do I have to put in my pocket ?
I hope you have put your questions out of your mind .
Yours sincerely
Cambridge 13.06.00
Dear friend
Kim
Last month , I enjoyed helping at a pop concert in Portugal .
Everything was new for me .
I had to ( lyd ) tidy up the place where they had to wait until their turn .
The group asked me to make sure that in the fridge they could always find a big variety of drinks including honey and lemon for the throat .
Another thing I had to do is keep an eye on the towels . I mean , dry towels because , as you know , that country is too hot , especially for my liking , as they have to change the clothes and look fresh ; do n't ask me why .
The pop concert happened in a big stadium called " Mararcanã " .
I just did not enjoy it when they were making the instruments work for the big day .
But what I particularly liked was seeing and asking for autographs from the rest of the other groups .
Do n't be jealous , I will make a copy for you , OK ?
Love
Dear Ms Clark ,
I am writing to you with regard to the International Art Festival that was held recently .
The festival was excellent in many ways , and especially it being an international festival was a challenging , but brilliant idea .
I assume that this fact attracted people very much .
In addition to that , organising one weekend with special - priced tickets was particularly good .
I personally think that it helped many people who were not able to afford the tickets at the proper price to come to the festival .
Moreover , most of the events I went to were fantastic .
However , I still have some comments to make to improve the festival next year .
The festival was supposed to be an international one , but the artists and stars who participated in it were from six countries only .
Thus , I recommend that stars and artists of various nationalities should be invited .
Also , some of the concert halls where the musicians performed were not big enough for the vast number of audiences .
I think it would be much better to use bigger concert halls .
Furthermore , I found that there were not many genres in neither the films nor the plays .
So I suggest you have various kinds , and more numbers of plays and films next year .
I hope that next year 's festival will be much more successful than this year 's one .
Yours faithfully ,
The Old Man and the Sea
People all have different opinions about books .
Some prefer realistic stories whereas others prefer unusual ones .
But I prefer realistic stories such as Ernest Hemingway 's " The Old Man and the Sea ' .
Above all , realistic stories teach me something about life , or at least influence me .
As far as I 'm concerned , my behaviour and attitudes towards a difficult situation began to change after reading this book .
Here , the fishman is very old , but he is still challenging to everything he faces .
When he caught a shark which was bigger than the ship , he never gave up taking it back to his village , even when sharks were around him .
Real stories have huge impacts on me , and affect me a lot , often in good ways .
In addition to that , realistic stories are more attractive . I personally do n't want to hear stories about very peculiar incidents as I know they can not be true .
But , while reading realistic stories , I just fall deep into the story , into the writer 's own world .
Ernest Hemingway 's sentences are precise , but still very powerful and alive .
So when I read other sharks were eating the shark the old man had caught , I got very angry and annoyed .
Realistic stories , thus , develop our imagination and creativity , which are essential in our lives .
We all learn from reading books , but realistic stories have more influence on me and develop my personality .
That 's why I prefer realistic stories to unusual ones .
17th June 2000
Dear Sir ,
I would like to complain about a musical show .
I was very disappointing a week 's holiday for me because I had got a lot of problems with the show .
I had seen the advertisement that the actors were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , but it was not Danny Brook .
I was really disappointed because he is my most famous actor .
The musical should have started at 19.30 , but it started at 20.15 .
When I went to ask for the discount on the ticket at the cashier desk , they told me there was no discount available for this .
I had seen the advertisement saying that a discount was available .
After the show I decided to have dinner in your theatre restaurant , but I could n't because it was closed .
It closed at 10 pm but the show finished at 10.30 pm .
This was not a perfect evening for me , so if you do n't give my money back , I will tell the newspaper about it .
I am looking forward to hearing good news .
Yours faithfully ,
Boo Sersuwan .
I think in the next 100 years people will wear space clothes with a small engine in the back , because of the atmosphere .
The atmosphere on the earth is now starting badly every year .
Carbon dioxide is growing very fast and people cut more trees , therefore not enough trees to such carbon dioxide and produce oxygen .
The designer will have a lot of ideas about how to make very nice and useful clothes .
I think if we wear these clothes we will travel anywhere easier than we use cars , ships , planes and space ships .
This means engineering will find a way to useless petrol for it , so it must be useful in the future .
I think somebody will make a very big area to grow plants because they can sell the oxygen .
This is a new business .
I think I can win at this price , because these clothes will be produced in the future .
17/06/00
Mr . MANAGER
MY NAME JAMES CAMIREZ AND I I'AM WRITING THIS LETTER TO YOU BECAUSE I HAVE SOME COMPLEINTS FOR THE DISAPPOINTING EVENING I HAD LAST NIGHT .
FIRST OF ALL ON THE ADVERTISEMENT FOR THE SHOW IT SAYS THAT THE ACTOR WAS GOING TO BE DANNY BROOK AND INSTEAD OF HIM WAS A TOTALLY UNKNOWN CLOWN THAT HAD NO IDEA OF HOW TO ACT . IT WAS HORRIBLY DISAPPOINTING !
