Without any thought , I ran quickly like a swallow .
Then , he tried to go over the wall . I held his leg .
He fell down and we had to stare at each other .
After we fought for a minute , I was able to arrest him .
As a result , I could go on vacation .
When I said to my mother , she asked me not to do it again .
But , I was a police man .
Therefore , I had to do it in spite of it being dangerous .
Dear Competition Organiser ,
I am writing to reply to your letter and to ask for more details about the competition .
Firstly , I would like to say that I 'm very glad to have been chosen and I will do my best for this competition .
As you asked in the letter , I would like to travel only in July because I work at the central library and I also have English classes , so I will just have holidays in July .
Is it suitable for you ?
As you mentioned about the accommodation , I would prefer to stay in a tent , because it 's more exciting and I really love camping .
I examined all the activities that you listed and I was disappointed to have to choose just two of them because , in my opinion , I 'm good at almost all of these activities .
However , I would choose sailing because I am fascinated with the sea and its mysteries and I also like the water , the wind in my face ...
The other one I would choose is basketball because I 'm tall and very fast with the ball .
Finally , I would like to know what kind of clothes we are supposed to wear there , and about the money we are supposed to pay for food and things like that .
I 'm looking forward to receiving your prompt reply .
sincerely
Clara
Dear Kim ,
I am writing to tell you some news and to ask a little bit about you .
First of all , I 'm going to tell you the good news .
Last month , I went to a pop concert with four bands .
It was unbelievable ! ! !
Although there were 5.000 thousand people there , people could walk and dance without any problems .
It was very well organised , the shows started at the exact time and the group were well performed too .
I contributed to the concert by selling some tickets to my friends .
However , the success of the concert , at the end of the show some full guys started a big confusion and some people got hurt .
It was depressing ...
Finally , I would like to know some news about you . What have you done ?
Are you studying a lot ?
Please write me a letter as soon as possible !
Love from
Clara .
Dear Helen Ryan ;
I have just received your letter which made me so happy . I can not believe that I won first prize in your competition , because I always believed I was an unlucky man and now I think things are changing in my life .
I would like to come in July , because I am studying English and we have a one - month break in July , so please make my log cabin ready by July .
I prefer staying in a cabin because I have some experience with tents from my childhood and it was not a very good experience , Therefore I would like to stay in a cabin .
You said in your letter I could do two activities from the list which shows many exciting activities .
I will definitely choose basketball and swimming , which are my dream sports .
I used to play in the school team when I was in high school and our team was one of the best basketball teams in the country and I am also very good at swimming .
I would like to ask a few things , especially the weather : what the weather is in July in the U.S.A. What kind of clothes I will need and how much money I should take with me , because I have never been to the U.S.A. before and I do n't know anything
I am looking forward to your reply letter .
Your sincerely
I have never enjoyed doing shopping , but nowadays some people call me a shopcholic .
They are just like alcholics and these people do everyday daily shopping because they can not stop themselves unless they have not got money to spend .
I can not believe how they do these things every day . Even when I need something at home , I always try to find something to use instead of that things .
Because nowadays , wherever you go there is a big queue and I hate having to wait .
The queue is not the only problem . If you go by car , there are parking problems . If you go by bus , there are again queues and you have to carry many bag carrier bags during your journey and you wo n't always be lucky to find a seat to seat .
If you go shopping for ( buy ) clothes , that is the worst kind of shopping .
Especially if you want to buy with your girlfriend or if you are already a girl , you have to be read for hours to spend trying on and off .
I really hate going shopping with girls to buy clothes because when they go into a shop they want to try on every single item and they do not realise it time .
Some people say " shopping is not always enjoyable " but for me , it is definitely unenjoyable and I think it will be the same for the rest of my life .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing with reference to the musical show I saw last week in your theatre .
I hoped that it would be the most exciting evening during my week 's holiday in London .
Unfortunately it was n't .
I would n't like to be unkind , but I must say that the advertisement for the show included a lot of false information .
First of all , when I bought the tickets it appeared that there was no discount available .
Secondly , I must complain that the musical show started almost an hour late and , in addition to this , nobody did excuse .
Moreover , I would like to ask why Danny Brook , who is my favourite actor , did n't appear in the show .
Furthermore , I would like to enquire why the theatre restaurant was closed .
Finally , I must say that I had a very disappointing evening and I would like to get my money back .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Your faithfully
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
I wish I had known it two days ago ... Exacly on 15th June we were at a birthday party .
Dora wanted me to come with Pat because she was in love with him .
I really like Dora and Pat and I just wanted to help them to be together , but it was n't such a good idea .
I thought that if I said something specific about her he would look at her in a different way .
Well , I forgot that it 's just a boy !
I should n't have told him that she was a virgin .
It was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was stearing at us .
Yesterday I discovered that he told everything to Marl and Tony .
I really regret that I was so foolish .
The most horrible thing is the fact that my friendship with Dora seems to be on the rocks and I do n't know what I have to do to overcome the difficulties .
Mr. Manager :
I am writing this letter to you because when I went to your musical show I had a very bad time .
Firstly , when I went to the show it was written that the starting time was 19.30 but it started at quarter past eight . I waited for forty - five minutes .
Secondly , the stars were meant to be DANNY BROOK and TINA TRUELOVE but different people came to the show .
It was the first time I was going to go to a musical show but I guess it will be the last one too .
Anyway , after the show I felt hungry , so I went to the restaurant but it was closed because they were having the inside altered .
And that was the worst night I had ever had , so I asked for my money back but they would n't give it , so I had an argument with the people who worked there but I could n't get my money back .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Because last year I started smoking and nobody knew that I was smoking , but one day , as I was smoking at the back of the school , someone came next to me and I noticed that it was Pat .
She saw me as I was smoking , so that was n't going to be very good .
She said that she would n't tell it to anyone , but I knew she might say it to someone , so I was always with her very minute every second .
But one day , as I was walking home like every night , I saw Pat in front of our house door talking to my dad .
I just knew I could n't have trusted her , but as I went in the house , my dad offered me to stay for a meal . I was in shock , thinking , Why is n't anyone getting angry with me ? After a while , we sat for dinner and Pat just talked my parents that I was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry .
I could n't go out of the house for a month , so now I know how Pat is and ca n't keep any secrets .
Dear Mister
I 'm writing to you to complain about the musical show you are presenting at the moment : " Over the Rainbow " .
As my husband is a native and we live in Switzerland , we appreciate having a week in London every year .
We are keen on theatre and musical shows .
Your theatre is known for presenting excellent spectacles .
We were never disappointed so far and especially enjoyed " The Drama " you presented last year .
Anyway , we had a very disappointing evening .
At first , we could n't get any discount , although you mentioned it in your advertisement .
And the only tickets left were £ 20 .
Then the spectacle began 45 minutes later than mentioned .
Last but not least , Danny Brook was replaced by a different actor , whose name I have probably forgotten because of his poor performance .
Afterwards , we are used to eating at your restaurant , which is not only well known for its good price value but also for its original decoration .
Therefore , I ask you to give me £ 20 back , because the two tickets were not worth it .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
yours faithfully
Unfortunately , Pat was n't really good at keeping secrets .
The following story will prove it .
I left the office at six o'clock .
I was free as the air .
My husband was following a course all week in Berne .
The kids were by their grandmother , who takes care of them .
I drove to Ouchy where I had a drink .
It was so hot , I decided to go for a swim in tutry , although I had n't got any swimming clothes .
I know a good place .
I parked the car and waited ten minutes .
As I had planned , the place was deserted .
I took my clothes off and swam twenty minutes in the lake .
Coming back , I noticed that my clothes were missing .
I walked back , hoping I would n't come across anyone and be able to drive back home .
The car was missing too .
Unfortunately , a police car drove by and the policeman saw me standing there nude .
They drove me to their office after having given me their shirt .
There I called Pat , who picked me up .
I felt so miserable that Pat laughed seeing me .
Of course , she told everything my husband .
If only Pat could keep secrets !
Dear Jane Clark ,
I am writing to thank you for providing the International Arts Festival .
It was an absolutely great idea .
However , I would like to give some suggestions for next year as I have read the advertisement .
Firstly , could you invite stars and artists from more than six countries ?
In my opinion , it might be better to have time with a variety of nationalities .
Secondly , the music concerts were very exciting and had a lot of fun , but some concert halls were too small to enjoy them comfortably .
Thirdly , I am looking to watching more films and plays which were impressive .
Lastly , it could be nice for students who are interested in the arts , if you help special events , for instance , song contest , writing competition or dance lessons .
To sum up , I hope the festival will develop next year with excellent reasonably - priced tickets like this year 's .
Yours faithfully ,
PART TIME JOBS : Find your place
Do you need money ?
If you do , make sure why you want to earn money .
It is very important to find a way to earn and save money .
Probably the best way you can get money is to have a part - time job in your spare time .
I am recommending you to check your possible time to work - weekdays or weekend ? - before you request a job .
If you just decide to work , you 'd better find a job in your place .
Firstly , go to your school or local council .
They will be able to help to find safe and suitable jobs for students like you .
Secondly , as your family or friends .
As they know about your interests and personality , it is easy to help you .
In my case , I could get a telephone researcher part by my friend 's reference .
In conclusion , do n't forget that a job is just spent in your " spare " time .
That 's it !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about the show ' Over the Rainbow ' .
During my stay in London , I went to your theatre to see this show .
As it is said in your advertisement , the show starred Danny Brook but there was a different actor .
It is not the only problem .
The show had to start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 .
You promised that there would be discounts , but when I came , I found out that they were not available .
I wanted to go to your restaurant .
I invited a friend of mine and promised her that we would go there .
And what I found out .
Your restaurant was closed .
You promised that if we went to your show we would have a perfect evening .
Everything was just vice versa .
I am very disappointed , that is why I am asking you for compensation .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was not very good at keeping secrets .
It happened at the end of the school year .
My class was going to a night disco and I wanted to go there too .
I asked my parents if I could go , but they did not let me do that .
I tried to persuade them , told them that nothing would happen to me , promised to do all the housework .
But all they have done is tell me that I am too young for it and I can go there only when I am 20 years old .
I had such a desire to go to the disco , that I decided to go even without my parents ' permission .
I told my secret to my best friend Pat .
But she told it to a kid in school , even the teachers heard it .
It occured that one of the teachers told my parents about it .
In the end , I was punished and stayed at home for two weeks .
I understood that I must keep my secrets and not tell anybody , even my best friend .
Dear Mrs. Jane X ,
I would like to make some comments about the event that I had .
First of all , the concert hall is too small to have a great concert .
I think it should be bigger for jazz , rock or classical concerts .
Secondly , I had some ideas for the next year 's events , such as :
- Funny plays and films to spend the break time ;
- Dance shows after dinner to have something interesting to do in the night ,
- Art exercises to know more things about the artist 's lifestyle ; and
- talks to writers to say how good his latest book is .
In addition , the ticket price is too expensive and difficult to buy another one every day , so , I think it would be more effective if there was one reasonably - priced weekend ticket for all events .
In conclusion , I hope it will be better next year if these points were observed for each year the event to be better than before .
Sincerely
How are you ?
It was nice to receive news about you .
I remember these times in our class when we talked many times about rules and I miss that time so much .
Well , the rules in my country are not different than in other countries .
The rules must be respected by all people if you do n't want to get out of school .
You must be organised , clean and respect the rights of other people .
Dear Manager of the Circle Theatre ,
While I was staying in London for a holiday , I went to the Circle Theatre to see OVER THE RAINBOW in the evening .
That made me feel disappointed .
First of all , the actor was different from your advertisement .
I mean he was not Danny Brook .
Secondly , it took me to wait about forty - five minutes , because it started at 20:15 .
It should be on time at 19:30 .
Then it had no discounts , which the advertisement said .
Due to being a student , I think I should have got the discount from your ticket with ID card .
Besides this , the theatre restaurant was closed .
As soon as the show ended , I went there to have dessert .
Lastly , I do n't think that it was my perfect evening .
I would like to get my money back .
I look forward to replying from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Griffin , who is a teacher , was n't surprised at our preparation .
It was so close to his birthday , so we made a decision to hold a small party for him .
She has just studied with us for three weeks .
She is not talkative , kind , and reserved .
However , at this party she took part in , she was responsible for preparing food .
As far as we knew , she 's good at cooking .
While she was choosing vegetables in a market , she came across him .
When he asked her ' why do you choose deliberately ? ' , she answered without thinking .
That caused the secret to be disclosed .
We did n't blame her , because we knew that she did n't intend to do something like that .
Although he was n't surprised , he was glad and pleased with our party .
Anyway , Happy Birthday to Griffin , again .
Dear Jean Clark ,
I recently spent two days at your Annual International Arts Festival and I am writing to express my opinion about it .
Firstly , I think the International Arts Festival is a wonderful idea because I have the opportunity to enjoy different arts events .
But it is also true that I could only see stars and artists on stage from only six countries , not stars from around the world as you advertised in your advertisement .
Secondly , I really enjoyed the jazz and classical concerts in spite of the fact that some of them took place in too small concert halls .
Thirdly , all the plays and films shown were interesting . In my opinion , you should include some more films and plays in your festival next year .
Finally , I think it was a good idea to buy only one ticket for all the events since I just spent the time watching and enjoying all of them .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Your sincerely
Dear George ,
Sorry it 's been too long since I last wrote but I 've been so busy at school that I could n't answer you before .
As you told me in your last letter , you were talking about rules in your class and you wanted to know about school rules in my country and also what I am allowed to do at home .
First I must tell you that teachers are strict at school .
We are n't allowed to eat in the classrooms and in addition to this , we must sit down at individual desks .
We ca n't chat with our classmates .
How boring !
At home , everything is quite good . Mum and dad are great , but there 's one main rule : I must tell them where I go and what time I 'll come back .
Granny is the problem . She 's a bit bossy !
She usually tells me what to do and what kind of clothes I should wear , but I do n't care about it .
I really must get down to some homework now , so I 'll stop here .
Give my love to your parents .
Write to me soon
Dear Mr Robertson ,
I am writing to you as a representative of the class about the 3-day school trip which has been organized for next week .
First of all , I would like to thank you for the excellent organization of this trip , which seems to be very interesting and useful for the students .
In particular , I believe that the visit to the National Art Gallery will be a really exciting experience for all of us .
All the students are enthusiastic about it .
However , some of them have read an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show , which will take place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on 14th March .
