I was very impressed .
Icy , Snow - covered Trees
Today 's pictures are of icy , snow - covered trees at the top of Mt .
ZAO .
They are illuminated during the night .
They were very beautiful , and they looked as if they were large creatures !
The top of the mountain was very cold although I wore snowboard .
I hope I wo n't get a cold . : )
Wish You Happy In Paradise
I was really shocked by the death of Stephen Gately .
I just listened to his Boyzone 's brilliant song `` No Matter What `` on the way back home .
Stephen was cute and brave , but now he is gone .
When I was in junior high school , everything seemed boring and had no meaning , also I did poorly in my studies .
One day , I failed to pass the examination .
At that time , I had no place to go , friends hate an underachieved me , but suddenly a fair - sounding floated to my ear ' I ca n't deny what I believe , I ca n't be what I 'm not ' . I was astonished by the voice and lyrics which cheered me up .
Your lovely face looks like a ray of hope .
Wish you happiness in paradise
Pay attention .
With knowing comes caring . With caring there is hope that we can find an enduring place within the natural system that supports us .
An environmistalist said on TED .
Oil has been flooding in the gulf of Mexico for three months .
There has been only 15 days without war since human beings started recording history , which means uncountable people have been killed and killed at the same time .
On the other side of the world , a great number of people live on less than 1 dollar .
Apparently , the world is lopsided .
All of a sudden , I am wondering how many of us believe we know what 's going on outside , watching lots of news as CNN or New York Times play out .
Whether things they play out are plausiable or not , one thing we need to know is that when you try to know what is true , you might be able to help anything that can change the world in a baby step .
Pay attention .
Diary 2011 / 7 / 6
I 'm building an algorithm for computer program even when I have a dream at night , because I 'm doing computer programs all day long .
It was n't correct algorithm , it 's like a block puzzle .
I 'm piling blocks up or sorting them or something .
I went to Tokyo to work in Japan . - - - Part - 6
For 10 months , I studied Java and Japanese .
It was particularly difficult to study Japanese .
( It was very hard to study Japanese . )
Really , I thought `` could I make it ? ``
Sometimes , I felt frustrated and despairing .
Softball
Next Wednesday , the economics seminar softball match will take place .
I have hardly played either baseball nor softball , so I practiced today after school .
I have been playing for 7 years , so I like almost all sports .
However , the experience of volleyball does not always work well for softball because of a form difference .
Anyway , I 'm really looking forward to playing the game ! !
I started to learn English on Lang - 8 .
I am a grad student .
I must read literature which is written in English .
So , I started to learn English for the first time in a decade .
Board Meeting
I will have a board meeting tomorrow .
I am an auditor for a construction company .
Today , the Japanese construction industry faces a serious crisis .
I want to improve this situation .
About reading books
When someone asks me , what 's your favorite thing ?
I 'll respond , `` My hobby is reading books , ``
In fact , most people who fill out their blank hobby ,
do not really love to read books ,
but I really enjoy reading , , not only books , but papers , articles ,
and magazines ,
to Reading some sentences stimurate my brain ,
Maybe in my brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )
haha ,
Thanks for reading and fixing wrong sentences , .
P : if you have another good expression more used in the native community and , more naturally , I want to learn GOOD sentences , .
All day working !
Today is a busy day for me .
I have all day working .
It means that I have to work from 9 : 00a . m . to 10 : 00 p . m .
Working in a bookstore is busy but exciting .
You can learn a lot of things , like how to use a kind of pen , and meet a lot of people , even if they are not always very kind .
I have to work now .
It 's too short a break time .
Be leaving
How time flies !
I will graduate from this college in two months . My major is English teaching , and I have got a job as an English teacher in a middle school .
Now the only task is to finish my thesis .
Is it real that I have to leave this college in two months ?
Oh , how wonderful college life is !
I do n't want to leave this school and to be a teacher .
Once you get into society , your life won n't be as simple as that in college .
I have n't been prepared to face all the things .
Because it is such a big change in my lifetime .
Anyway , I will cherish the rest of my college life .
The four years of college life will be a colourful and precious memory for me forever ,
We may win a trip to NY !
I 'm participating in a university contest involving some tests ( I do n't feel test is the best word . . . can you think of a better one ? ) , all about the Millenium Objetives stated by the UNO .
After each team submits its proposal , there 's a week for the people to vote for their faouvorite on the web .
After that , a jury scores / rates each one , and so the winner for each test is chosen .
There 's a final prize for the three ones scoring highest at the end of the contest : they all enrol for free in a grade major course ( or a language one , if they have n't finished their career ) .
Additionally , the first team gets to travel to New York !
We won the last test , and each of the members of our team got a mobile phone .
As I had just bought a Motorola Milestone ( the European version of Droid ) , I gave it to my father , who 's actually very happy with it , since it 's a cute small nokia with wifi .
We go first now , but since they try to give one prize to a different team each time , we expect the jury to make the ones who go third win this time .
But we still hope we win at last and visit the USA ! !
Wish us luck : )
At Tokyo Disney Resort ! ! !
I went to Tokyo Disney Resort on February 8th and 9th with my boyfriend .
On the first day , we went to Tokyo Disney Sea .
We rode many attractions and we did shopping in a lot of different kinds of shops .
My favorite attraction was Indiana Jones .
I recommend it !
On the second day , we went to Tokyo Disney Land and we appreciated Cirque du Soleil .
We enjoyed Mickey 's Philhar Magic .
It is a new attraction .
On the other hand , Cirque du Soleil was such an impressive show .
We were excited about the show !
We enjoyed it so much .
I want to stay longer ; (
Please correct this sentence .
Today 's lesson
Today , it was really cold .
I 'm sick of being in cold weather every day .
I love Sommer .
I 'm eagerly waiting for summer to come .
Anyway , I went to English school before work .
Steeven taught me today .
We did n't talk about the content of the textbook much , but we could talk a lot about each other 's favorite countries , cities , food and some special experiences .
It was really nice .
It was hot today .
The weather got hot , because the air conditioner of our office was broken . I could n't study at the office .
But it is close to the text of graduate school . I must work hard to study English . I am stressed every day .
Shinkansen
URL
I 'm proud of the Shinkansen .
This is the symbol of a lot of technologies in Japan .
Last month I rode a Sanyo Shinkansen train .
I was surprised at the quiet of the Shinkansen .
I was able to read a book comfortably although the train ran very fast .
Yesterday I saw the weather forecast
Yesterday I saw a weather forecast which said that today it would rain all day long .
As soon as I woke up this morning , I checked outside .
I opened the window but it was not raining .
It was a warm fine day .
During the day I waited for rain as I looked up at the sky and I wondered what is the problem with weather forecast organization ?
I think we have one of the most powerful computers in the world at that organization but they know nothing .
There was 90 % which expected rain today , but they were wrong .
I was shocked at their disappointing work .
I 'm busy .
Tomorrow will be sports day at my daughter 's school .
After that , we will go to my mother 's house .
We will have a Buddhist memorial service for my father .
I 'll return home on Monday .
See you later !
Street live !
I play street live every Saturday .
It plays at a station nearby .
I meet many people on the street .
I studied many things from there .
For example . . .
Courtesy , Gentleness , Inclemency . . . there still .
Last Saturday , I played street .
Then I got courtesy .
I was very happy .
In the future , I want to sing for Gratitude .
Thank you .
The test for mobile system engineer
Next month , I 'm going to take the test for mobile system engineer .
The examination fee cost $ 150 .
I think that it 's very high .
So I want to pass once .
I want to work hard ! ! !
lost property
I left my umbrella on a train this morning .
I went to the lost property in the station after work .
The station staff searched records by computer for my umbrella and found it .
I 'm glad to have it back .
Early Morning
Today I woke up at 7 . 30a .
m , because I have to go the ANZ bank to get the saving card .
I will move to the city this Saturday .
We needed to book a car and my friend Kaan , a Turkey guy , helped us to move the baggage .
We should make note of what we need .
This is a busy morning .
There are many things I should do .
Japanese tea ceremony
My Japanese friend sent me some tea things from a Japanese tea ceremony last month .
I learned Japanese tea ceremony lessons once a week for three years before I came here to Japan .
I liked how to make green and friends who I have became friends .
And the teacher was so great at teaching us .
I enjoyed commuting this class .
Now I want to drink this green sometimes .
I know it 's thick and bitter .
So today I made green by a simple process .
After I made it , I drank the green .
How bitter !
It was so bitter for me .
Why do n't I remember this taste ?
I wonder !
But I 'll make them green again .
I 'll send a message to my friend . . .
PLEASE check my mail X (
[ I 'm so sorry . . .
I could n't send you mail sooner .
You know , the earthquake was too bad for my family .
The tsunami destroyed my mother 's home .
But , my grandma grandma is safe .
And my cousins are fine also .
: )
I wanted to see them .
However , it was too terrible to live .
( There was a power failure until now . )
I pray for them to make a comeback to normal life ! ]
Someone help me !
What 's the difference between `` french fries `` and `` fried potatoes `` ?
Ca n't I say `` fried potatoes `` ?
Is this wrong ?
The history of my learning English
I started learning English in the first class of school , when I was six years old .
In Russia , this language is an official program in all schools .
You can choose from three : English , French and German , but English is the most popular .
When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before , people had n't had the possibility of travelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .
But my mother always says that it 's just a pretextes and nothing to prevent you if you have a purpose .
When I was thirteen , I changed schools and started to learn in a gymnasium .
Here all was different , and the teachers were too .
In the first lessons I did n't understand anything - the teacher did n't say one verb in Russian .
It was horrible !
In the exercises , which I do for hours , I ca n't correct any sentences .
I looked for every verb in the dictionary and cried . . .
But several times I passed my exam with `` excellent `` .
But my grammar now is just pre intermediate .
Then I learning English at university .
I do n't know why , but it 's VERY hard for me . . .
I was the worst in my group ( the worse group of course : ) ) But then , little by little , I started to talk in English .
For 3 years I did n't learn English hard . I have practice , but I know how to watch the favorite films in the original and how to read books - it 's wonderful !
And now I give the promise to myself that I will learn English at the level of intermediate and more than this level , and I will never neglect it !
Because it is very important ; I 'll never get a good job without it and I 'll never understand half of the beautiful sites on the Internet !
And I like to draw in Photoshop and Illustrator , and many other things !
PS .
Somebody who is learning Russian , and anyone who wants to talk with a Russian girl - let 's talk on Skype !
A visit to Huang river park
Today , my classmates and I went to the Huang River Park .
The Huang river is the second longest river in China .
As its name , the water is very yellow , carrying lots of soil .
It was a little cold and windy , so the air was stale .
I was grateful that I wore new clothes . When I came back it was full of dust .
The river is very long , I ca n't see the limit , and the water is peaceful .
Everyday learning !
These days my lovely boy is getting naughty .
He is crowling everywhere as his instinct tells him .
When he gets silent , it is a dangerous sign to me .
He is chewing something really dangerous .
Today he chewed a piece of kleenex .
He would almost be stuck .
I noticed it because he was coughing .
I put my fingures into his little mouth , and pulled them out .
While I was washing the dishes , he did it .
I tried to keep an eye on him while doing housework ,
but it happened only a few seconds . I did n't see .
Everyday he is growing up little by little , step by step ,
and everyday I am learning how to deal with his can - do things .
Spring vacation is coming shortly !
It 's been a long time since I wrote a diary .
My university started on January 8th , but it will finish shortly .
How fast time goes by !
When spring vacation comes , I have to study English harder and I 'd like to write a diary everyday .
I 'd be so happy if you commented on my diary .
Oversleep
