And I want to live my life at my own pace .
Sleeping as long as I want .
But I found it hard to achieve recently .
Because when I finished my classes , homework or jobs etc . . .
It 's nearly 10 pm when I get back home .
And after I take a bath , brush my teeth , chat with my friends etc . . .
It 's nearly 12 pm .
After that , I want to at least healthy sleep before 12 pm .
QQ
Tears . . . . .
These days I suffered many unhappy things .
Maybe those matters were not so bad as the facts , but I really could n't handle them while they occured together . . . .
English is one of my biggest problems .
I do n't know how to master this language well . . .
Though I spend most of my time and energy learning English , it seems that I hardly made any improvement has become true . . .
I do n't know why I have to learn English so hard . . ! ! !
Today , . .
I went to take the business English correspondence class as usual . . but this time . . .
Our teacher said a sentence to me which made me heart break . .
I had never knew my English was poor until the teacher told me that my English was sounding illogically . . . .
I did n't know how I felt at that moment . .
but I did know my eyes were wet . .
and the tears nearly fell from my face . .
Summer holiday
I had a long break .
I should study again .
It 's so cute .
Hello everyone .
I get up at thirty past 6am in Japan .
I found a very cute movie .
URL
It 's so cute !
One
Hello ! Nice to meet you ! My name is Ailsa .
I joke about names .
I am twenty - three years old .
I hope you make many friends on Lang - 8 .
Thank you everyone !
Electioneering
The Elections will be held on August 30th .
Mayer is cheering Hamada , minister of defence .
Mr .
Hamada belongs to the Liberal Democratic Party .
This time they may lose adoministration .
The Democratic Party has more supporters than them .
Mayer is busy with the election campaign and his own work .
I 'm going to do everything to help him as his secretary .
Today
I went to Kanazawa university festival with my American friend .
It was fun .
I made good friends with Vietnamese people .
We ate Ikayaki and Omurice there .
They were good .
After that , we went for a drive to enjoy the autumn colors .
We enjoyed it well .
And we had dinner with my other friends .
We ate pizza and pasta .
We talked with each other and enjoyed our meals .
It 's an amazing day today .
A bear in the washbowl
There is a bear in the washbowl in my house .
Of course , it is n't a real bear .
It is made of spnge : ) It is cute .
It waits at all times to clean the washbowl .
Yesterday , I learned that John Galliano was tried when I watched CNN news .
I was so surprised and sad .
I thought he was a wonderful designer , but he got into trouble .
I 'm going to study abroad in America .
I 've received the acceptance letter and scholarship decision from the Berklee College of Music .
I 'll enter Berklee in the fall semester this year .
But I have two worries .
One of them is that my English is still very clumsy .
Another is high - priced tuition .
Anyway , I 'm studying English at the TOEFL Institute these days .
Berklee does n't require a TOEFL score .
I 'm just attending the Institute to improve my English because I 'll have to take many classes in English .
Many assignments are given to me everyday .
It 's very difficult to do all of them , but I always try to make maximum effort .
Self - Introduction
Hello !
I live in Okinawa , the southwestern part of Japan .
I work for the Japan air self defense force .
I 'm learning English , but it 's really difficult for me !
I want to make friends here and have my compositions corrected .
Thank you .
Irregular heartbeat
Several days ago , I got an irregular heartbeat for the first time in my life !
It was like this ; I suddenly started to feel a kind of discomfort around my heart .
Then I checked my pulse and found that there was a missing beat at intervals .
I was very scared because I had been very healthy so far .
I thought , `` It 's so terrible !
I 'm still in my 20 's .
Do I have to get along with it all my life ? ``
Then I went to the hospital and had an ECG .
The doctor told me that I did have an irregular pulse occasionally , but it was not a fatal one .
He added that it could get worse due to stress and fatigue , and he just advised me to take a long enough rest .
I was relieved to hear the doctor 's diagnosis , but I 'm still worried .
I did n't know that stress could induce an irregular heartbeat of a healthy young lady like me !
As the old saying goes , all illness comes from the mind .
How to write a research proposal ?
I think that may be a common question for those students who want to pursue a higher education .
We seldom research anything .
What Chinese universities offer for their students is mostly composed of coursework based on curriculum .
The show of our lives must go on , so does the application .
I 've sum up some points which I think are important and useful .
1 .
You can count on google as your best friend , adviser and an almost infinite resources of academic papers .
Many of them you can download pdf copies , or if you ca n't download a paper from the links scholar . Google . com offers you , go directly to the author 's website . Many authors enjoy their papers being read and cited by potential readers .
2 .
A good review is the best starting point .
And then you can trace the author , or the paper cited to do more in - depth research in your interested area .
3 .
The balance of width and depth of your reading is essential .
Both ways have their merits and disadvantages .
4 .
Inovative and original ideas are good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of others ' work .
A practical plan and reasonable analysis is also worth a lot .
Vessel
I 'll spend the next weeks on board the `` Justo Sierra `` vessel doing some geophysical research and learning .
I 'm sure it 's going to be a terrific experience .
The bad thing , I have n't learned the vessel 's parts in English yet .
I need to study !
Please correct my English sentences ! ( 20090108 )
The thing that I want to do in January 2009 is to invest more effort in studying English and keep on writing sentences in English every day here on Lang - 8 !
Thanks a lot !
USJ
I went to USJ yesterday with my friend .
It was so cold that I could not stop shivering .
However , there were not so many people there , so we did not need to wait our turn outside .
