I love citrus fruits .
And I eat a banana every day for my health .
The banana gathers in my stomach and gives me energy .
My dog !
I have to make a newspaper in English as my summer vacation homework and I decided to introduce my dog in the newspaper .
So , please somebody correct my English !
I will introduce my dog , Tiara .
She is a cheerful and plump pretty dog . Perhaps she is the cutest dog in the world .
She 's a golden retriever and she 's 8 years old .
Her fur is beautiful amber and soft .
She is a little stupid , but has perceptive insights about food because she is always famished ^ ^ She loves food !
When she has had her food , she always prances around the living room merrily .
And she loves basking too .
She usually lays down near the big window and basks in the morning sun .
When she is basking she looks very comfortable .
RAIN
It is raining in Tokyo .
It has not been rainy for a week ,
It makes me happy .
Usually , rain makes me unhappy ,
However , I hoped it would rain because it is too hot .
Anyway , today will be a good day .
Thank you for reading .
A New Hair Style of the Wang
I saw news on Yahoo yesterday .
It reported that Chien - Ming Wang cut his hair and had a new hair style .
Here is the link .
URL
My English translation of the title is `` Wang changed a new hair style , but Jeter sucks it `` As long as you are Chinese , nine out of ten you will think that Wang matched the new style very well , and that his new style is very handsome .
However , the news mentioned that Derek Jeter thought his hair was really a damn .
The different values about handsome among cultures are very interesting .
I have seen an article in TIME .
It talked about there is a big difference in different values of a handsome man between Western countries and Eastern countries .
It mentioned many examples of Japanese men , Korean men and Hong Kong men .
They paid attention to their faces and also spent lots of money on shopping .
But in Western countries , the standard of a handsome man depends not on their faces , but on their masculine symbols , say , muscle and behavior .
I started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past few days by watching TV programs , such as Friends , Srcubs and etc .
I found out that the clothing and the hair styles were very different .
About clothing , the western men dressed mostly very simple , and about hair , most of them did n't have a fringe at all and their backhair was short that no hair covered their necks .
If they have long hair , it would be really long and thick .
By contrast , men in eastern countries mostly dress up .
Apart from a shirt and jeans , we usually wear accessories .
As to hair , men usually have medium hair , neither very short nor long .
If we want to cut very short hair , we must leave some hair on the back of our neck in order to avoid looking like a nerd .
If we want to have a long hair style , mostly it will probably be light and especially long on the fringe or backhair .
Oh my god .
I am making a long entry again .
It almost cost a whole morning .
I have to watch the NBA final game 3 .
Hope you will not feel bored with this diary and help me by correcting it .
I would like you to give me any comments and opinions too .
I really like to discuss things .
My son has diarrhea
When I came back home from work today ,
My son has diarrea .
It was like water and my son 's hips became red .
Tomorrow I will go to my hometown .
We are ready to go out .
But we canceled that .
What a pity !
But no way .
Listening to music
I listen to music on the commuter train .
Today , I listened to music . it looks like in the cafe .
For example , `` Lovi ' n you . ``
I want to speak English .
So , I listen to English songs .
Come fast next season !
I don ` t like winter .
It is very cold .
I like the warm season .
So I like spring .
Spring is a very exciting season .
New life , New meets ( friends ) , New meets ( oneself )
In Japanese , school work starts in spring .
I hope to get some quarifications in English .
I hope to get my new promotion .
But that isn ` t postopned .
Everybody starts new things to try .
Self - introduction
Hello everyone ! !
I 'm Gen - Mai .
Gen - Mai means unpolished rice in Japanese .
I 'm called Gen - Mai by my friends sometimes .
. . . No , extremely sometimes .
From today , I 'm going to try to write a diary ! !
Today there is nothing special to write ! !
See you tomorrow ! !
Bye !
Hello !
until yesterday I was very busy , so I did n't watch DVDS .
I got hooked on American DVDS .
The title is `` closer `` .
Before that , I was hooked on `` Alias `` .
Jennifer Garner is an attractive woman , so when I watched making scene , I felt drawn toward her .
I think American drama is a good study , but this drama is very difficult .
Doing for relaxation
I got a foot masssage today .
It 's a kind of Tai - wan sleeping massage .
I loved the massage shop where I went because the staff of the shop explained what was wrong with my body .
They said I 'm cold - natured and have poor blood flow .
In addition , the staff said correctly that I had problems with my lower back and my neck .
I was surprised at find my health condition from my foot .
After that , I went to a fittness club which has bedrock bathing .
I feel relaxed after taking a bedrock bath ^ ^
. . . but now I 'm very sleepy . . . zzz
cow tongue
I went to Sendai on a business trip today .
The special product in Sendai is a cow tongue .
I bought it and ate it at home .
It was really delicious .
I want to eat its cow tongue again .
Wake up !
I was woken up by my daughter today .
The daughter was woken up by my wife .
Who woke her up ?
The wife was woken up by my stertor .
hahaha .
BBQ
Tomorrow I 'm going for a BBQ ( I 'm sure this expression is wrong , but I do n't know how to say it ^ ^ ; ) by the river .
BUT !
Where to do it and when we should leave is not decided yet !
( I know that a long subject is not good in English , but how can I rewrite this ? )
Can you believe it ? ?
This time we left everything to my friend , but I 'm the kind person who does n't feel at ease unless everything is perfect .
So , even now I feel nervous , wondering if it 's really going to be held .
Am I busy ?
I am a person who enjoys her own leisure time .
