My friend worked part - time at USJ .
It looked like she was really having a great time !
So I wanted to work part - time at USJ , too .
I will go to Tokyo Disneyland Land in February .
I am really looking forward to it : )
It will be very cold .
So I must ptotect myself against the coldX (
I want to go to Walt Disney World someday ! ! !
Manga in English
I think that Manga is the great entertainment culture from Japan .
My favorite writers are Naoki Urasawa ( The Monster , 20st century boy and more ) and Hiroya Oku ( Gantz ) .
By the way , I found some web sites that there a huge amount of manga that are translated into English .
( I think no doubt about illegal . )
It 's a new experience and very educational for English .
But , I think that there are a lot of difficult expressions in Mangas in English .
Diagnosed with being easily impressed
Today , I reviewed my previous entries and my comments .
I realized that I 'm that kind of person who is easily impressed .
I find lots of things fascinating .
I 'm moved by very simple things and other people might not even have a second look at .
For instance , I started watching Indian movies about a month ago .
I have some friends who are crazy about this genre .
I , on the other hand , did n't have much time to watch any .
When I had the time , I brought about six Indian movies to watch .
The first movie I watched made me cry for two hours , like a five year old who lost her doll .
Do you think the second one was different ?
Not at all .
The six movies have the same basic idea .
Actually , all Indian movies have the same basic idea .
However , I continued crying during the rest five and each one of them impressed me even more .
Indian movies are like clay that you can shape into many different shapes , but they 're all still made of clay .
The shape is what impresses me , and not the clay itself .
This concept might be a bit ambiguous for those who have n't been in such a situation .
So , how bad is it ?
Still . . .
I still have got a cold .
I took some medicine , so I feel better for now .
Sorry , that 's all for today .
Have a nice day : )
`` 450th times ``
This is my 450th diary .
I started keeping a diary around 2008 .
Thanks to the people all over the world , I 'm having a fun time and solid time .
Changing the subject , I got a call from my friend yesterday .
She said `` I want to cancel the New York trip .
I recently out of shape . `` I was somewhat puzzied about the answer .
Hi !
Hello ! My name is Ken .
Studying English started .
However , it is terrible and difficult .
I want to study more and to make a lot of friends .
The first Man in Rome
I am going to talk about the historical novel called `` The First Man in Rome `` by Colleen McCullough , who is a British female writer .
The novel is about an important Roman politican called Caius Marius .
He is the main character , although there are others like Cornelius Silla , Metelus , and Caesar 's grandfather .
Marius did n't come from an important family , but he became consul because he was a clever and popular general in the Roman army .
So , after he was chosen consul by the Romans , he went to Afrika where he fought against Yugurta , who was king of Numidia .
Marius won the war in two years , and when he went back to Rome he was chosen consul again for five years .
Marius had to fright other tribes in the north of Italy , until in 100 B .
C .
He had to leave the power because he got sick .
hi
I went to school .
I love studying .
By the way , do you like studying ?
I play basketball after school .
I think basketball plays everyone .
Because one for all , all for one .
super - flu
I 've just received an international call on my cellphone .
I was wondering if that was from my friend 's call .
But that 's from Korea 's quarantine depot ,
They 're conducting follow - up of super - flu for entry to Korea recently .
They asked me if we had fever and cold symptoms .
We do n't have these symptoms now .
If that helps , this picture is the information they gave us from Japan 's quarantine depot when we returned to Japan .
D :
hey hey you you ! !
Is everyone free ?
lets hang out with me in Tokyo ~ haha ~ xD
I 'm soo free till next month .
Because I do have school until then ! !
kinda lucky but not for me . Being bored sucks .
I do like it .
An abstract concept of happiness
Although most people think about what happiness is like , most people never doubt there is happiness somewhere in human life .
A famous man , I heard , said in the past that the worst thing for you is to be born in the world .
According to this , human life can be said to be leisure time to the end .
Do you think there is like happiness in reality ? ?
Please correct these sentences !
Sorry for a little academic .
I am just writing about the parents ' attitude when their children complain about chronic abdominal pain .
Is the below one OK ?
- - - - - - -
Trained parents who show distraction produce fewer children 's chronic functional abdominal symptoms than parents who show attention .
Let me introduce myself
Hello everyone ,
I 'm Makitys .
This is my nickname .
I was born and grew up in Tokyo .
I studied applied physics and electronics at a university in Tokyo .
I got a bachelor 's degree in these subjects at university .
After I graduated from university , I got a job as an engineer .
I have changed jobs a few times , but I have the same type of job as an engineer .
I still work for an electronics maker in Japan as an engineer .
I 'm a single woman and live by myself .
My parents and a brother and a sister live in Tokyo .
I moved to Fukuoka from Yokohama for business this January .
Fukuoka is located in the northern part of Kyushu .
Kyushe is a part of the Japanese Archipelago .
( see the map I 've attached )
Fukuoka city is the biggest city in Kyushu .
Compared with Tokyo , Fukuoka is compact but it is a very comfortable city .
Commodity prices here are lower than those in Tokyo and Fukuoka Airport is very near central Fukuoka .
You know , Narita Airport is far from central Tokyo .
It takes one hour from the airport to central Tokyo even if you take an expensive superexpress .
Moreover , Tokyo is a very crowded city .
One thing I unsatisfy about living here is that I 'm separated from my family .
It takes money to go see my parents from here .
I miss my family and relatives who live in Tokyo .
If you come to Fukuoka , please let me know !
English lesson for Halloween
I 'm an elementary school teacher , as you might know .
In Japan , starting next year we 'll officially have to teach English to students who are in both 5th grade and 6th grade .
I 've made some English classes , actually .
Yesterday , I had an English lesson with ALT , which is an acronym for Assistant Language Teacher .
The lesson 's topic was Halloween .
We provided some kinds of activities to get the students not only to keep enjoying the lesson but also to keep some vocabulary in mind before they know it .
One of them is `` Halloween trivias and Bingo `` .
The student need to answer some questions about Halloween . I 've prepared by playing Bingo .
The more correctly they answer , the more Bingo they can get .
After the class , I asked the students to answer a questionnaire .
I was very glad to find they liked the lesson .
One of my ultimate goals as an English teacher is that all students look at the world broadly .
I 'm sure you 'll have plenty of opportunities not only to communicate with people from other countries but also to know several cultural differences through the lesson .
I believe this will lead them to accepting more things .
That 's why I 'm very excited about teaching students English ! !
[ Diary ] 14 / 8 / 10 of Event
It has been cloudy or rainy recently .
Although my school had no classes , I got up early in the morning today .
I ate a piece of toast with butter and cinnamon sugar and went to a coin laundry near my house to wash my clothes because I do not have a clothes washer in my house .
It costs six dollars to wash and costs six dollars for the dryer .
When the washing ended , it was evening .
I went to the cake shop in the city my friend introduced to me as nice taste and famous .
The shop decorating was green .
After I came back home , I cooked dinner , and dinner was prawn & avocado salad , roast chicken and OTAMA SAN GOHAN .
First , cut the lettuce , cut coarsely tomato and then stair - fly some prawns .
Stair - fry it until it becomes golden brown .
The roast chicken only heated up in the oven .
OTAMA SAN GOHAN is a traditional traditional Japaneseonly traditional food .
It only sprinkles the raw egg and a pinch of the soy sauce on warm rice .
They were easy to cook but they tasted nice ! !
After that , I watched two movies , Animation of Genius Boy and 007 , on TV for approximately four hours .
So I felt tired my eyes and butt .
Thank you ( The letter to my daughter 's English teacher )
My 4 - year - old daughter goes to English lessons since when we decided to move to Singapore for 3 months .
She is interested in speaking English and writing alphabets now thanks to the teacher .
This is the letter below .
I appreciate teaching English to my daughter .
She was always looking forward to your lesson .
Your lessons were energetic and so much fun .
When we decided her to go to an international school that only a few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .
I was looking for an English class around here .
First we found a flyer in the play room .
We thought about just taking a trial lesson , but she told me that I wanted to go to the lesson again .
I am very surprised at her progress .
Now she is very interested in speaking English , writing alphabets and singing WHAT ' S YOUR NAME ?
song .
Her progress is to you .
What your children speaking only English in the same class is also good for her .
It will be based after she goes to a new school .
If I did n't need to take care of my kids , I wanted to have your lessons !
When you come to Singapore , please contact us .
It is very easy to come with kids because it is clean , safe , just a 1 - hour time difference and available at Haneda airport .
We are looking forward to seeing you and your children someday somewhere .
Thank you very much .
Thank you to all the staff and classmates .
Take care .
Best regards .
Basaballgame
Hello .
Yesterday I went to the stadium to see the baseball game .
After classes , I went back home , prepared packages and searched for what time I should leave home and which trains I should take .
I went there with my friends .
The team I cheer for is located in second place .
And if the team wins 8 games , the team will get first place .
But the remainder of its games is 9 games .
Therefore , it is so difficult for them to get first position .
The game began .
The starting pithier was not good , so that the opposition could get 3 points easily .
But in this attack they could n't get any points .
So in this game we lost .
We cheered very hard , but the miracle never happened .
So today I have a sore throat .
That 's about it for today .
See you again / /
My hobbies
I have some hobbies .
Those are playing sports , reading a book , listening to music , taking a walk and so on .
My favorite hobby is talking with my friends , because I think it is the best time to be with my friends .
I gained about 10 kilograms after I quit my clubs in high school .
That 's why I have to lose weight ! ! !
So , I always jog and always exercise .
I wanna have a six - pack ! ! haha
Holidays
This weekend three holidays in Japan .
Saturday , Sunday and Monday closed .
Monday is Equinox day
It will gradually get warmer .
Japanese are waiting for cherry blossoms in this season .
What might be some of the causes of over - weight or obesity in the US ?
last English lesson , we discussed it .
There are some causes , such as high calorie food , laziness . . .
In Japan , there are a lot of fast food restaurants around town . convenience stores too . We can easily get food . same circumstance in the U .
S . but most Japanese people are not obese .
A teacher asked `` why `` .
That is probably a result of lack of self control in eating .
I go to study English on Sundays .
Sometimes I ca n't explain what I thought and I ca n't come up with good ideas thinking in English .
But , the moment I just touched the door knob at my home , I got my answer .
`` School lunch `` and `` Education of diet `` could be good effects of self control on eating .
All public primary schools provide lunch for students .
That was a wonderful system .
The nutritionist organized calorie control , a variety of menus every day , providing best season 's food , traditional meals .
Through school lunch , students learn many kinds of tastes , knowledge of food and Japanese culture for six years at least .
once every three days though . It makes good habit and health .
What about my opinion ?
a lot of workload
2010 . 3 . 26
Today there were so many .
Yesterday was also .
But next week I will go on a business trip .
I had to prepare for them .
Tomorrow I have a little work .
I will go to the library and cafe to study electronics after that .
Today 's music .
Claud Nugaro sings `` La Javanaise `` .
Wonderful voices .
Thanks for reading .
Play
I went to a play .
My friend starred in the play .
We became friends when we were junior high school students .
We have been friends for more than 10 years .
But I did n't know she was an actress .
I saw her play for the first time today .
I was moved .
I I hope to continue playing for her .
The holiday is over .
Today is a Japanese National holiday .
So I took a three - day weekend .
But because it has been rainy from yesterday to today , my family could n't enjoy it .
Children were playing games for a very long time .
I ca n't help it .
reading diary
