Tonight I read and corrected many diaries .
I might make a mistake when correcting English .
But I think it 's a good way to learn from my mistakes .
Thai
I tried to correct Thai language people who wrote in Thai .
It 's also fun to read Thai writing from a non - native speaker .
English
I started to practice my English since I started my journey abroad .
And realized how language could help you know more people .
Reading English makes me feel very happy .
Then when I went to Japan .
My English could not help me .
anymore .
I am very impressed with my life there .
I only told them in English .
It would be good if I could speak
.
Japanese .
I could not write Japanese or understand it .
Japanese culture is interesting , but Japanese people are quiet ,
It 's difficult to know what is in their mind .
So I started to reading Japanese books which were translated into the Thai language .
I do n't want to take Japanese classes .
It might be boring .
So I decided to learn by nature . . . viewing Japanese anime
and remember Kanji which I like ^ _ ^
.
I learn a lot from Japanese food . . .
Japanese food is available in every corner in Thailand .
Coincidence
I think birds of a feather flock together .
The next day , I met one of my classmates from high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .
She is a teacher as well .
I 'm an English teacher .
She is teacher for walking and posture .
What a coincidence .
We had small talk ( short talk ? ) there , and left .
When I started to walk , I thought I wanted to talk with her more !
So I shouted her name and stopped her .
We exchanged our contact info and decided to meet again very soon .
We met two weeks ago . I felt strange , because we had n't met each other for many years , but we had many things to tell each other .
There are plenty of things to talk about , but not enough time .
We should n't sort people into levels , but I believe we are living on the same level ( same category , same world ) .
That 's why we could meet again !
Spain !
I had to endure a long long flight to get to Spain .
Changing planes , it took nearly 15 hours in total from Nagoya to Barcelona .
Each seat has a small TV screen , with which we can see movies , listen to music , play games and you name it .
I do n't like watching a closed screen so I killed time reading something .
It was really wearing .
I will write details about my trip tomorrow .
The Catcher in the Rye
Today , I read `` The Catcher in the Rye `` as a summer homework .
To say the truth , I could not understand why this book is thought of a masterpiece .
Because I did n't feel bored when I was reading it , but I was not so excited or moved .
But I like the characters in the book , because they are very characteristic .
If you have read the book , please tell me which part you think is interesting .
21 . 12 . 2012 * * * I 'm a university student .
Hi , I 've started lang - 8 .
I will learn to speak English and find friends here .
Why do n't you become friends ?
I 've lived in London since 2005 - 2008 .
but I ca speak English . . . ( ; _ ; )
So please teach me English ! !
I 'll graduate from university in 2012 .
Now , I 'm job hunting .
So I want to exchange information about jobs around the world .
concert tickets
I called for a refund of the Park Yong - ha concert tickets .
I heard send money by registered mail by August 13th .
Culture of shame
Foreign media admire that Japanese people behave calmly , organised and in support .
But it 's common for us Japanese .
We think that having trouble with others is a very bad thing and shameful .
Every parent wants their children not to have trouble with others .
Japanese have grown rice which is needed to help each other in the community in the past .
So getting along with people in the community is very important .
When parents scold ill - mannered children , they use the same phrase `` I 'm too ashamed to face people . `` Though this phrase is not so common to young parents , this ethics is in Japanese genes .
Hello World
Hi everyone !
This is my first post here .
I 'd be glad if you correct my mistakes .
By the way , it 's Christmas morning .
I say Merry Christmas to you all .
Thanks a lol .
Day 74 : I lied today .
I did n't know why I was lying but at that time I was blank = out .
It was a job I seeked from the newspaper .
Although I know private school students like me in Singapore are prohibited from going to jobs .
I am still go to the place and try my luck .
When the auntie asks me what kind of pass I am holding .
I felt totally nervous and words came out of my mouth : I was a student and holding a student pass .
Many of my friends went to work .
She had no doubt about me and told me to go tomorrow to meet the other people ( maybe the HR staff )
I was afraid of what I would do tomorrow . .
Having a job here is good .
But for me , I am more focused on learning the experience through working and communicating with others .
By the way , the job is really a short - term job ( seller ) , which only lasts for two weeks .
And I am having my long holidays here .
Twilight
Today I saw a movie - Twilight .
I like this movie very much !
I 've seen a lot of movies and cartoons about vampires .
But some of them make me feel disgusting .
There is always so much blood , people are so thirsty .
But Twilight is different .
Edward was cute , he cared about Bella .
And Bella was a strong girl .
She was n't afraid of Edward .
Sometimes I think being a vampire is good .
They do n't need to sleep , they run fast , they are sensitive .
But they ca n't eat food !
Aha , so I ca n't be a vampire , I like food !
We are the champions in Asia !
Yesterday , Japan 's national soccer team played against Australia .
The game was the final of the Asia Cup in 2011 .
Five days ago , the Japanese team played 120 minutes , including extra time , against South Korea . Furthermore , the average height of the Australian team is taller than Japan .
So I thought most of the Japanese players are tired and the game is very hard for the Japanese team .
As I thought , the game was very hard for Japan .
The game went into extra time two times in a row from the semi - final game for Japan .
However , at 110 minutes , Lee , who came off the bench , got the goal !
He became `` the Cinderella boy `` , or the hero , overnight .
I 'm very glad for the Japan team !
Love Karaoke
Do you like singing songs ?
I like it very much .
Today , I went to a karaoke box with my son and neighbors .
I sang so many songs and brewed my stress .
My favorite karaoke songs are Seiko Matsuda 's .
Her songs are easy to sing , familiar with many people and reasonable .
I had a relaxing time .
Today I might fall asleep soon .
Good Night !
GUITAR
Maybe I got a guitar from my father long ago .
I mean . . .
Maybe he 's still its owner .
I do n't know but I often use it more than him . . .
So . . .
Anyway , I practice `` changing the world `` .
I will do my best !
It is raining today ~
It is the season of cherry trees in Japan now .
Most Japanese people have loved them for a long time .
There are some reasons why we love it .
The time from blooming to falling is very early .
It is like human life .
and we can enjoy drinking ^ ^
It is a lot of fun to drink while seeing them .
Headache
Today I was uncomfortable .
I have a headache , tired and no appetite .
Sleeping all day until I had to work .
I 'm afraid I got H1N1 .
I hope the symptoms will disappear when I wake up tomorrow .
> <
Shanghai friends
The day before yesterday , I hung out with one of my Chinese friends .
We went to JINMAO OBSERVATORY88 .
It was a rather tall building .
After that time , while seeing landscapes , I found out about the basis of Chinese politics .
Do you know me ?
I am a hero .
But I am a robot who is handled by a remote control tool .
fourtunely , that one is a boy with justice .
So I called The Hero with justice .
I am called `` tetuzin 28 go `` , which means iron man No . 28 .
But you should think once more .
If the remote control tool is taken by an evil person .
I am a real hero of justice .
PS .
Where does he stand ?
hint : in Japan .
I went to Okinawa ! !
I went to Okinawa last month with my son and my boyfriend .
Okinawa is in the southern part of Japan , so it was hot there .
We enjoyed snorkeling !
We went to the beach which is on a desert island near Naha .
I felt like I was in a dream because the sea was so beautiful and there were a lot of fish .
And we went to Okinawa Prefectural Peace Memorial Museum .
I think that we should never be at war .
We should never kill other people .
friend 's birthday
Today was my Chinese friend 's .
She is a 26 year old woman and works for a travel agency .
Besides , she is pursuing a modelling career in Japan .
We met at a night club in Tokyo .
Dreams are different , but I think we are similar in terms of pursuing our own dreams .
I feel like her sister .
I wonder what I should give her as a present , so could you give me some advice ?
Foreigners baby
I can meet foreigners if I go to the city in Tokyo , but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigner baby .
It 's only adults or children that I can meet .
I like babies , so I always like to meet a foreign baby if I have an opportunity .
I met a foreigner baby at a supermarket .
He was so lovely .
I had been watching him and his dad talking to me .
He 's living for 10 years in Japan , so he likes to talk with Japanese people .
He wants to learn Japanese .
I think our language skills were even .
He wants his baby to speak Japanese , so he 's learning Japanese every .
T .
G .
I .
Friday !
Recently , I 've been fascinated with a TV series named `` How I met your mother . `` ( Though I do n't watch it on TV but on the Internet because it has n't been introduced in Taiwan .
)
And thank God it 's Friday night so that I have time to watch the newest episode .
This sitcom talks about a man named Ted telling a story about how he found his true love to his children .
Well , however , Ted has n't seen the `` lucky `` women from season 1 to 4 .
Ha ha !
My favorite character is Barney , who is not only a successful businessman but a humorous friend of Ted 's .
He always makes his own theory about life !
: - D
Apart from the humor in the series , another reason why I love this sitcom is that I am looking forward to a close , meaningful relationship like the one between Ted and his friends .
I hope our TV station can bring the series to Taiwan soon !
A second date
Today , since people turn out to be more and more rational and have higher demands about the opposite sex , alone with an open mind about dating , which nurtured tons of different reality dating shows .
Some of them are really funny , but some are absurd .
I believe one of these shows is a romance killer .
This show features `` Parents dating Guys `` .
The process is like this : the girl 's parents will meet the guys first , then they will make the decision for their own daughters , who is not even on the stage , by the way , about whether they should give this guy a chance to go out for a date with their daughters or not .
Ridiculous ? !
I do understand why so many people are into these things . I decided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style .
A date which can exude both parties ' warmth and charisma .
Sounds a little bit tricky ?
Haha , I just did it in the easiest way , chose a good restaurant , put two nice people together and let them talk !
Without audiences , love judges , parents , just a friendly and private atmosphere which allows them to be themselves and enjoy the moment .
Last night was the second date I arranged for my friend and hopefully they can work things out !
Crossing my fingers for them ^ _ ^ ! ! ! lol
play two roles .
I 'm a business worker weekday and a student at graduate school 3 days a week .
I enrolled in the school this April .
Hard home work is required sometimes , but it is fun to get new knowledge and thoughts .
In business , I challenge a task that I have not ever done .
This is also very valuable for me .
Meeting the Challenge and Grasping the Opportunity
Without fail , where there 's great need , great hearts and minds rise up to meet the challenge .
Two months later , my professor will take some students to Ohio University in America for a month .
But who wants to go there , he must pass the exam and the interview .
Going abroad is my dream , so I really cherich this opportunity .
It is a good chance to strengthen my knowledge , build my horizon , and enjoy foreign customs , and also realize my dream .
Without any means , what I can do now is to improve my poor English , speaking more , listening more and reading more and so on .
In my opinion , it is a difficult process to overcome myself , but I must insist on and keep on making it , whatever how difficult it is .
Once you make up your mind , persevere in doing it .
Yangyang , come on , you can do it .
Yes , you can .
Er . . . but how to start ?
Got the gold medal .
I have been looking for correct my English diary .
Today , I finally found a nice site .
I was suprised when I found it . I have been studying English for 2 years . Because I want to make a lot of friends all over the world .
Yesterday , Kitajima Kousuke , who is a breast stroke swimmer , got the gold medal .
I was excited . He set a new world record . He got it the second time .
He was moved to tears when he won .
He is smaller than other people . But he did it .
