Good words
I heard a sentence last night when I was watching TV .
It reminds and inspires me a lot .
Your life is like when you walk .
When you go downhill , you have to stick out your chest or you will fall down .
When you go uphill , you have to bend your back .
It is like when you are confronted with frustration , you have to keep your confidence .
When you are going smoothly , you have to be more modest .
It is really good for me .
Arrangements
It 's summer .
The session has passed , and I work as an apprentice at the souvenir shop .
When I was at school , we painted a lot of wooden handicrafts like small plates and cases .
Making souvenirs is hard and interesting work .
On the one hand , you need to be attentive and neat , but on the other hand , you should set all your imagination and inspiration in motion .
Maybe , this August my mom and I will visit Norway , Sweden and Finland .
I like Finland .
When my family used to go there very frequently ( about 3 or 4 times a month ) , I had a nice time .
I will never forget my first time at customs .
I suppose , I was 7 ( nice age , you do n't need to think about serious things and can do what you want ) .
We drove in our heavy truck to the border . There was a long queue , we were waiting .
Well , finally , my mother took me to the customs window . She gave a passport to a man . . .
and when we were going to sit in a truck , a frightened man suddenly said `` lapsi ! `` .
Mom stared at him and held me up to show him : D That 's my first memory of this country .
The second memory is the toys which I was given near the border .
There are two balls : one with a cat inside , the other with a dog .
You know , you can take them at a slot machine .
So that 's the second .
The third memory is the house we lived in .
It was situated near Helsinki , a big and light house with a small lake behind it ( it was winter , so it was frozen ) .
The rooms were big enough , but not too big .
There was little furniture .
And one of the things I liked the most was a big white fridge .
I do n't know why .
I liked the winter Finland .
And I hope I like the summer Finland .
By the way , today I went to the guitar teacher , and the only thing he said after `` Show me what you can ! `` was `` What do you want ?
You play really well , your level skills are higher than just amateur .
Just improvise already ! `` To tell the truth , I myself did n't expect I could play like I did .
And why did n't he play that well at the audition ? . . .
Well , I am just proud of myself , yep .
: )
And , by the way , `` white nights `` have already come .
And now they disturb me .
If only I had black dense curtains .
Whitney Houston Failed
A couple of weeks ago , I heard a new Whitney Houston tune on my car radio .
It sounded bad .
I had been wondering what she was doing .
And finally , she released a new song !
She came back !
Today , I read an article on the net about her comeback performance in New York 's Central Park .
It said that was disappointing .
Her voice was hoarse and cracked .
Oh , my God !
What a shock !
Her recent picture was not like her before .
Old and not beautiful . . . . .
What happened to her ?
I know her tumultuous marriage with Bobby Brown and an arduous battle with drug addiction .
Still has n't recovered from them ?
She had an incredible beautiful high voice .
She was decent , not like Mariah Carey .
However , she is already 46 !
The more disappointing thing to me is she said the reason for her bad voice was because she talked with Oprah Winfrey too much on her show .
That might be one of the reasons , however , it sounds like just an excuse .
I believe she can sing .
I hope she will come back to the stage as a diva again , even not like her heyday .
First entry
I think this website is a cool idea .
People help each other learn their languages .
Let me write something and see if anyone can review it and give me some advice .
I just installed Fallout 3 and played a bit last night .
I would say after 10 years of waiting , it has not failed its title , at least from my first impression .
A lot of good features are inherited from the old Fallout series , like the SPECIAL system , which always had good , bad , neutral and ( my favorite ) sarcasm options when talking with NPCs .
I 'm not sure about keeping the action points feature though .
Anyway , I think I 'll spend quite some time playing it in the next few weeks .
OK , let 's all for my first entry .
It 's too hot .
It 's too hot in Japan .
Before , I went to a library .
On the way , I had a headache .
So , I think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put on our hat .
If we do n't do that and walk for a long time , we will collapse or die .
It 's not a joke .
If my sentences are n't practical , correct them .
A nice surprise
This morning I found out that one of my favourite bands released his new album .
I had already forgotten about Rise Against and it was a great surprise for me , because I had n't returned to them for 2 years .
I hope this band has n't become worse yet like many other big ones and I 'll enjoy listening to it .
Well , there remains to get it and check it out .
My mum is a great cook !
Hi everyone ,
I just realised I am so lucky ! ! !
Why ?
It 's because my mum is probably the best cook I have met in my life .
Cooking is not her profession . She is a housewife .
I have eaten at hotels and at expensive meals , but they are nothing like what she cooks .
A friend once told me that the reason why I love her cooking is because she 's my mum , but that is not the reason .
Being a housewife is really tough .
I 'd rather work outside than be a housewife .
So I must appreciate my mum and help her ^ ^
No title , haha
I do n't really like cockroaches . . .
I have n't seen cockroaches since I came here .
I think it 's about one and half years .
I tried to fight against him , but he did n't show up .
I should have exploded the whole building so that I could make them destroy ~ ! ! !
Oh , I remembered .
I had to write about counseling .
I 'm gon na do it next time !
bye !
Nice to meet you .
This is my first time writing a diary on the internet .
I hope someone see my diary and correct it .
I watched the DVD `` Grey 's anatomy `` today .
Actually , I keep watching it these days .
I 'm so into it .
I watched season 2 today .
So there is a lot to see .
I do n't know medical words in English very well .
So I have to check my dictionary all the time .
But I can study English through this .
And I think it 's fun , right ?
Thank you for reading this .
Fruit
I ate a Chinese citron now .
