I have my own plan too , but I do n't the same as them . I want to become a journalist .
Working as a journalist is very exciting for many reasons .
First , I will have an opportunity to live abroad .
Second , I can travel all around the world , meet different people who are very friendly .
Next , I will have a chance to appear at big parties or events and I can make friends with famous people - It 's interesting !
Finally , I will have a high salary when I am a journalist .
To be a journalist , I must study very hard , so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream come true .
In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
Nowadays , each family has more than 1 car for each one . This is only one of few reasons that people use less public transport .
Before , it was really convenient to go by bus or by train , but with the new economy , travel tickets are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go far than near .
I remember from my town Palermo in Italy to go to Milan was about 340 pounds . Now , if we are lucky , we can arrive in New York .
In England , where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot of trains to go to the most important town in the UK , but the trains are very expensive . me and my family stay careful if we go off because the prices are too high .
I 'm sure in the future there will be cars able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
Furthermore , the biggest group of positive - feeling students present live with various nationalities .
The possible reason is that these international students can not speak English fluently .
They usually lack language and can not open a debate .
It is hard to argue .
On the other hand , they might want to safeguard the national image .
In order to give a good image and show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalities .
MORE THAN KIP FIT !
Do you know about mountain biking ?
Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .
You 're wrong .
Follow on reading to know why .
I have been keen on mountain biking since three years ago .
Firstly , I tried with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
The main reason why I wanted to try was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
However , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while I was doing sport .
Consequently , I realized that although climbing outside helped me to improve my fitness , I really I really enjoyed the best breathing pure air and taking pleasure in the countryside .
If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommend him or her to pursue a good mountain bike .
It 's important to avoid accidents , become comfortable and have a good journey .
Secondly , he or she would buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .
I love this sport . I look forward to the weakened , to going out with my bike and my group of friends .
All of us had a good time .
And I would like to encourage everybody to try it .
Nobody regrets it .
Lucy Keyes
Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I saw .
I do n't recommend it to children less than thirteen years old ,
because it 's difficult to understand . For example , the characters are ,
Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .
The movie is about Lucy 's family that moves into a farmhouse . mysterious and
scary .
Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters
from a story their mom read often .
The story actually takes place in a camp , and farmhouse , mysteriously
used in other times .
It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that
had a weird painting of two sisters just like her , the same ones of the
story she read .
I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old .
The best place for young people in our area is , without doubt , the lake .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , sunbathe and listen to music .
In the summer around the lake , there are so many concerts so you have difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily , the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have time to spend the
leisure time together .
Dear husband ,
I hope you 're fine .
I remember all of you and miss my family .
Leaving my country , Soamlia , was very hard for me .
I miss my big house but I do n't miss the guns .
I hope to return to my country and see you again .
In the following decades , revolution and civil smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
Britain alone escaped almost unscathed from these years of unrest .
There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .
I really like to travel , but I like it the most when I travel with friends .
It was a very good experience .
I love to travel with my family .
It is different to travelling with friends than travelling with family .
I do not travel too much with my friends .
I have traveled two times .
Those two times have been with the orchestra that I play in .
Once we went to Zacatecas .
We went there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .
At that time , I did not know anybody , just one person .
Her name is Irixhi .
She was my friend , because we are from the same town .
But when I was there I began to make new friends that I never thought I was going to have , and I never thought the way that I was going to know them together . At the beginning I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
We stayed in Zacatecas for a week . We really had a good time .
The second trip that I made was to Guerrero .
We went to Acapulco , to an event where universities from Mexico go and present cultural activities .
It was too hot there .
In Acapulco I had a good time because I stayed in the same room as my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
Then we went to Taxco .
There we visited the central park and we stayed in a very luxurious hotel .
We were very happy there . We really liked Taxco .
Actually , I had already been there before , but not with my friends .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there . That was an incredible experience that I will never forget .
Then we returned to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
And now I have to pass my subjects .
We hope to go to Colombia next year .
I like biathlon .
Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .
In biathlon , sportsmen need to run some races which are very different . Some of them are long , some are short .
But , a short distance does n't mean it will be easy or anything like that .
Sometimes weather conditions are not comfortable for guys , for example , wind , light frog or freezing . All of those are very difficult conditions .
So , it 's not so easy as it seems .
That 's why I like it .
This sport is for real men .
And also , most of them are very attractive , a big advantage for girls , who like nice pictures .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
That is what everyone says when we ask if they prefer public transport or a car .
Using public transport can not be easy , because we have a strict time and normally we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely uncomfortable .
Sometimes the employers do strike and we clients do not know what time . As a result , we can not get on time to work . That is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantage is not so good actually .
For me , the car is the best and you ?
Well , however your choice is , it is necessary to be perfect for your daily life !
However you use it , Have a nice trip !
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema enthusiast , and they are in the correct way . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film , especially when it is a thriller , than doing sport ,
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and , in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job . Due to that , the audience were waiting with bated breath for the ending of this film .
Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , who was played by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
What 's more , the plot is easy to understand .
The story took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by the doctors and cientifics .
Moreover , customs , make - up and special effects became ever more in the story .
However , the soundtrack was awful , it did n't get me scared .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you have have a good time , given that it achieves keeping you in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In addition , you wo n't have a better opportunity to see it than this week , because just in Spain the festival 's cinema is happening .
You should take advantage of that !
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve because my country is so poor and , besides , it is considered one of the third world countries and another thing that must be taken into consideration is that the politicians are horrible . They have destroyed my country
When we ask ourselves , how can we take care of the environment ?
The first thing that we think is the pollution , the car smoke , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought about food or clothes ?
Perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask the assistant for a bag similar to carry at home or other things .
We can take a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we go to buy in each shop , we wo n't spend more pieces of plastic or paper .
But we should n't forget the pollution caused by cars . We can use bicycles or public transport .
Also , in the same way , we should go walk to the destination .
