The worst thing was finding it out at the airport .
I had never felt so nervous !
The environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
There are so many , they make our life polluted .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do something such as propaganda to the people in the country, ... in my village , we use banana leaf instead of nilon , garbage desposal sensibly ... and so on .
We should clean our area to attract visitors and introduce it to many other countries in the world to protect our lungs .
Hi , today I 'm gon na talk about myself .
My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 years old .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) and I 'm in grade nine .
I have 9 sisters with me and 9 brothers .
I really love learning English & French and I speak Arabic .
My dear Daniel ,
Are you studying mathematics for your exam ?
I hope you pass it with a good grade !
I had just finished my lunch break , and before preparing everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with these fantastic photos . I hope you like them .
With all my love
Victoria .
Dear Sir or Madam
I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .
I 'm a happy , energetic person who likes to work with children .
I love young children .
I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .
Bye
Marisa
This summer happened to me several times . I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best was when I went to a wedding because it was the event that more memories bring me this summer .
We got there at five o'clock . We had not yet reached many people , so we took the opportunity to give the gift that was a washing machine , the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new , as the bride loved .
Half an hour after we arrived , started coming . There were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave . It was a long day but a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I take a quick shower .
After school , I 'd like to eat fresh fruit .
I am keen on running during the night time .
In my country , people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing away their old things and rubbish in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
Once upon a time , there was a monster in the city called " Michenstain " .
Michenstain was a very tiny city . That was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
Monsteration was a very lively monster . He always migrates to the north every Monday .
In the day , he was a mild monster . He was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary . He killed people , destroyed complete cities ; he smashed all the architecture from the city , and a lot of bad things .
One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .
People did know what that was , so they did n't care about it .
But when he arrived at Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It was midnight when he arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .
He was spoiling all the crops of the people , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster . In other words , he was converted into another monster body .
He was completely different ; it was impressive the way he was acting .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I thought that it had no cure . It was called " The Monsteration Infectations " .
( In those times there were various monsters , but none of them was like him ; he was in the number 1 rank of the monsters in destroying things . )
Scientists are trying to make a cure for the Monsteration Infectations , but they still do n't have one .
In their laboratory , they had a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
They had to isolate the chemicals from the formula to have the cure .
Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team on their iPods .
The scientists that were doing the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
Well , I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences as an English student for many years .
I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .
I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professional activities . For that reason , I took some English courses many years ago .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I must speak . I feel horrible without confidence . I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
Currently , I 'm working as a teacher at the university and teaching in English has been my goal .
I 'm a teacher in chemistry and math too .
I work as like a free - lance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my incons .
I 'm writing now without knowing a dictionary and making this composition without traduction from Espanish ( I hope jajaja )
I 'm sure I 'll have many mistakes , but I feel good because I must write and write and write . I need to improve my English level . I must not feel bad if I want to finally learn English very well .
I hope you can help me understand more about how to improve my English level and develop my skills .
Thank you for your attention , and I 'll wait for your advice , ( that is my first time writing over 50 words )
Milton Morales
I like workout on push up bars .
It is impossible not to love doing sports activities in the fresh air .
If you want to start working out , you should be ready for a big load on your muscles .
On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .
In the afternoon , I went to my dance classes .
It was fun because we learnt a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
On Friday I went to the mall with my family .
I bought one sweater and two jeans .
Later , I went to the book store and bought three books ; " Legend " , " Wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
On the weekend I stayed at home . I started reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing . I laughed a lot because of the things that the characters said .
The other things I did were sleep , eat , and watch TV .
The next day I went with my friends to see a movie .
We saw " if I stay " and I loved it .
The movie is about a teenager named Mia who had a car accident with her family .
Her father and her mother died before they got to the hospital .
Mia survives , but she is in a coma and she has to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
Later in the week I passed the day drawing .
I drew a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
The next few days I did n't do much .
I just sleep and watch movies at home .
The day before I started school , I did an investigation for literature class .
This was what I did in my vacations . I did n't do a lot , but I loved my vacations .
Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .
I 'm from Mramorak .
Serbia is my country where I have lived for 24 years .
If you like and wish to come here , my best advice is to stay at home .
Maybe you can bring some money and spend it on something fun .
Best wishes .
Mirko .
As per today 's topic " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that . Please be patient . My English is not as good as you readers think .
So , let 's start .
Most metro cities nowadays attract people towards the metro not just because of the fares but because of the time that it saves .
Now , these days , the public do not like to travel on public transport to save their time as well as money .
The metro is good for the health of the people as there is no pollution and all because it runs on electricity and also connects most of the city as Delhi has a wide area span of the Metro that is really awesome .
Other than that , public transport is also not good for natural resources , which is not good for the future of the country .
If you visit Taiwan , you will never miss the temples here .
There are so many temples here .
So , now there is a chance for you to play the god .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitating faces and posing as gods " .
Here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
Curious ?
Just come and give it a try !
I think paying expensive taxes on personal cars can reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order to solve the traffic problems .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy a car with expensive taxes , so people must use public transportation , such as the buses , subway .
Public transportation will be rich , so they can build more stations for suburbans and more public cars to carry this .
Therefore , traffic will be bad .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .
I am 29 years old , originally from Brazil .
I am an English student where I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed on the FCE , which is a well - recognised certificate .
In 2010 , I graduated in electronics engineering .
From June to September of 2013 , I worked for a tourism company . My position involved taking after of groups of people going to England . This previous experience makes me suitable for this job announced .
In addition to this , personally , I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and engaged .
I practise sports such as football , basketball and chess . With these skills , I can help children have fun while teaching them the good benefits of doing sports .
By applying for the job offered , I am willing to work in all different sorts of jobs . I do not matter which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
To sum up , I feel rather confident about assuming this position and thank you for considering my application .
My faithfully
Alessandro Costa .
I think public transport is very important .
There is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
A plane may take about 16 hours .
A car may take days or months for the same distance .
I am really overwhelmed to be the third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of whom are my parents at 45 years of the same age , and my little brother , Patrick-14 years old in a mischievous manner .
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable mind take a reference to their hobbies - reading .
Nowadays , a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . That mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements as power , political influences etc . On the other hand , for middle class families , the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
