If we are working with someone in the same job , and who lives near us or he is our neighbour , we can go to work in the same car . This way , we use less oil .
The government is also important for taking care of the environment .
They should have healthy habits and , with their examples , they can improve the habits of the population .
I love sports but I did not get many opportunities to play sport . I was born in a village in India . My parents are farmers like most other villagers .
The only playground in our village was the school ground , which was full of small rocks and not good for playing any sports .
When I was a child I helped my father with his jobs after school .
We bought a television in 1888 , after that I became a fan of cricket .
I watched most of the matches .
Sachin and Ganguly were my favorite cricketers . I love their batting .
A MISTAKE
It was the summer holidays and Michael 's family was in the airport waiting impatiently for their flight to Mexico .
That was a special family . It was so big ; His father has 6 brothers ! , so he has 17 cousins counting his little sister .
In total there were 32 people , a white kitten and a dog .
About 10 minutes later , they started to get bored . They heard a girl calling them to take the plane .
The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very fun .
Michael usually had a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't like that .
When the big family got out of the plane , they realized that they were wearing too many clothes . It was boiling ! !
There they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm .
The family was walking around the luxurious hotel .
Some minutes later , they designated how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
Michael finally ended with the last one he would like to ; Tom .
That night , the dog , the kitten , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
When Michael got up in the morning , he realized that his kitten had disappeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
He thought that the dog had eaten the kitten during the night , so he shouted to Tom , opened the door and went away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .
It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
The service is really great .
The waitresses are helpful and smiling .
You feel like you are at home !
Warm candle light and small tables with patterned table clothes create a friendly atmosphere .
The dishes are n't very expensive .
I believe it is suitable for our class .
So , my favourite sport at the present time is street workout . I have been doing this sport already for a long time .
I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside is below zero .
Of course , in summer I like to exercise more than in winter , but this does n't stop me .
I do n't know why , but I almost every day go on the street in order to exercise .
If it is very cold and windy outside , I do n't worry about it and I exercise at home .
For those people who want to start doing the street workout , I advise to start with basic exercises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
These are basic exercises and they will help you to do a good start up .
After some time , when you feel that you are ready for more , you can start to study more difficult exercises .
So , it 's my first attempt to create English text !
I dare say that I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
But not now .
What 's the reason ?
Because of mind .
I was n't satisfied with your behavior .
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences run in my head , but how to write them down correctly ?
How can I use use it ?
How can I force my kids to do their homework ?
How can I explain them ?
Michael is a handsome and kind person .
He lives next to his family 's home .
Michael got married to his close friend only one month ago .
But his mother hated his wife and always shouted at her .
Unlike his wife , he respected and loved his mother and never complained to his husband about these bad situations .
Michael 's only fault is that he is a mamma 's boy .
For he always defends his mother and always the wife is the responsible one .
His wife decided , because she loved him , to forgive and apologize to her mother - in - law .
One day when Michael was out for work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .
Moreover , she fired her without her mobile or money .
His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood on the street waiting for Michael .
Once he arrived , his mother asked him to up quickly , acting that she was tired .
He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued on his way .
His wife walked behind him until they reached home , but his mother claimed that his wife told her cruel words and acted that she was crying .
Michael believed his mother although he observed marks of hitting on his wife 's face .
He fired his wife after insulting her .
She was shocked and apologized for a mistake she did not commit .
But his mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The light bulb .
The light bulb was created in 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
This was one of the everyday inventions that affects our lives .
Edison is said to have created the first comercially practical incandescent light .
He was neither the first nor the only person trying to invent an incandescent light bulb .
Some historians claim there were 20 inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version , but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
( taken from www.bulbs.com )
Edison began serious research about the incandescent light bulb in October of 1878 , and his original design was in 1879 .
Edison and his research team made his discovery and created a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
I think this is the most useful invention because without it we ca n't live like we live actually .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Tom 's friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the classroom room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed down and I checked his pulse beat . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates , everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
Everyone is eagerly waiting for the ambulance 's arrival , but it has still not yet arrived . The reason is our college location is a little far from the city . That 's why it is getting late .
We waited patiently . Finally , the ambulance arrived and took him to the hospital immediately .
Lately , I have seen a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
I was interested if I could write such an article and win a prize .
And I decided to try .
Nowadays , a healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
And as for me , I 've been going in for sport for several years .
What is my favourite kind of sport ?
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
Why did I choose it ?
I want to be fit and have good health .
I lost several kilos and I could wear my favourite clothes .
It became possible for me to run easily .
I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .
Go to sports gyms , be active and you will feel in another way .
You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .
Sport is like drugs .
If you do n't have training for a long time , your body will feel something unusual .
Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to do any difficult job .
People will look at your figure enviously .
Describe your bedroom .
My bedroom is quite big .
The walls of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow drowers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't have any posters .
I live in São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , in Brazil .
In my city , the environment 's protection is so difficult .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado closer to the Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area will be used to construct a new building .
We have done several movements , but sometimes they do not work .
Secondly , the hall does n't care about the environment ; for example , the hall stopped garbage selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .
It demonstrates the effort was made in the last 10 years . It was over because of the new political position of the major .
It is so stupid because the environment needs to be over than political positions .
Third , we have not founded a green political to eliminate rubbish .
Instead of using selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have used a dumpfill that affects the soil .
Finally , the population , the majority of the time , does n't matter to throw away the garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my city , the concern about the environment 's protection does not work how it is necessary for protection of the soil , environment and health .
The environment is surrounded by no aleartness in our area . were busy with their own jobs and were not focused on seeing what was happening in our area . usually speak about how hot it is . They do n't know what makes it hot . They are interested in planting trees and making sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
They care about the environment because that does n't give anything to them .
Managemant acountant practice is very important for organizations to making decisions about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
Most organizations know how is affects management acountant practice on their work , therefore they chossing good programme and employees .
I was in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist , but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .
At first , I called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight for two months , so I called my brother , who heavily regretted me for not having told him about the trip and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing agent .
I believed in him , but I did n't know how I was wrong .
He had booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because at that moment he had n't got cash on him .
