There are many physical exercises , like swimming , but name any game except chess that makes our minds sharp .
I like many other games , but the best one is this .
I am not saying that we should always play chess , as physical activities are also important .
The reason why I would advise someone to do this sport is that children who are not interested in their studies or would not be able to study .
In that case , chess would help him . It would make the child 's mind sharp and he would not get distracted by his surroundings .
Local transportation is one of the biggest problems in our area .
Local transportation has become difficult and expensive .
So the government must take action to make it easier .
Public media also must educate people about the importance of local translation and how they preserve it .
The government must save gasoline and jazz to resolve the problem .
They must find a solution to this difficult problem .
They must maintain the roads .
People also have an important role in solving this problem .
They should save energy by using buses instead of using their own cars .
They can also walk or ride a cycle .
The government must maintain public transportation and make it safe .
We can solve this problem if we want .
I thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above all , and make no difference to the sport you have chosen , it is paramount to do some sport . Whatever you choose , such as spinning . That is my favourite sport .
My piece of advice is to take up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is interesting for your health .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythm of the music lower and lower . This gives me high energy each time I go spinning .
If you want to start doing some sport , first of all think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try it once and if you are having a good time , go ahead and spend most of your time enjoying sport . Nevertheless , , , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
The more sport you do , the better you feel . Indeed , your mood will not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for public transport systems .
If we take a look at the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities almost all people go to work by public transport .
The advantage they get is the following : They do have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and , a few minutes later , they can begin to work .
These people also help to protect the environment by saving our natural resources like petrol .
To conclusion , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich , there is no doubt that the public transport system would be less convenient than travelling by car .
The process of making the notes for the bank can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
First , the bank notes should be considered about how to design , including background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then , they are supposed to prepare skiled machinists .
Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .
The notes have a special link with colour on both sides , which raises images slightly .
The most important step is inspecting the notes , which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut separately and packed into cars in order to dispatach all over the city .
If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed through burning .
Sport is a very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
It keeps our bodies strong .
Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really fits us .
I enjoy running .
It is the kind of thing that everybody can do and it affects all parts of my body .
I literally feel stronger every time I run .
There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution .
Public transport offers a possible solution to the problem , because many people can be transported in one vehicle .
The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .
However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .
Firstly , public transport should be made free .
The government should raise taxes to pay for the service .
Cars are generally more expensive .
First , I think public transport is more expensive .
And if we compare the money you spend on a car and the amount that you spend on public transport , it is less .
Secondly , if you use a car , you have to wait a time to catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
I believe that using your car has a lot of advantages or benefits . It is more comfortable and less expensive .
Last summer I worked at a movies . I think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
The minus of this work is a very big salary and I think that I will work at this cinema next summer .
My favourite sport is yoga .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
Yoga calms and vitalizes the body and mind .
I do yoga at least one hour every day .
From Monday to Friday I do it at home . At weekends I attend yoga classes .
Yoga is a very convenient sport .
We can do it at any time we like .
But if you are a beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
You can learn correct postures in classes .
After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years . Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking . Man has been able to invent machines , which they have put to work . Automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people from hard work .
The result is much less work and a better life .
The disadvantage , however , is that because of the machines , many people have lost their jobs .
Dear Jo
I read your letter . I would like to know some details about what places you want to visit .
I advise you to visit Queretaro . It has had an excellent service with foreign people since five years ago .
Talking about your new job , I was searching for some vacancies , however it required a job full - time , so I am going to continue searching for some jobs part - time job .
See you when you arrive in Mexico City
Sincerely
Uriel
Nowadays , people get around constantly .
Is it better to use public transport or private transport ?
Well , ecologists say that getting around using transport is more beneficial for the environment than using a car or motorbike .
In recent years , the number of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .
But actually , does it have a future ?
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable than having to run to take the bus , wait for the train , etc .
This is a fact which indicates that public transport has no future in our society .
Other signals are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .
But if you take the bus , you have to take down at a bus stop , maybe a bit far from where you want to go .
Also , it has to be said that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , using public transport wo n't be necessary .
Yeah , I think this statement is quite right because every person has a car nowadays .
Transport is important , but the car is more reliable for families , they go together without waiting for transport .
more flexible with a lot of fun with family .
I live in a city named Tangerang . It is in Indonesia .
The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizens do too .
It caused our river some big problems such as disease , unpleasant smells , floods , etc .
I myself , by seeing the river filled with garbage , always seem to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant appearance of the garbage .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by carbon dioxide and other materials .
And also , after the river , the road in the city is also contaminated by the garbage .
Garbage is everywhere .
The condition of my country is really critical , I guess .
And the number of the city 's gardens does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in that city .
There are a lot of high - rise buildings and it causes floods along the high - rise buildings section .
I wonder if the citizens in my country and town could make a better environment by throwing garbage in its place and try using eco - friendly transportation .
And the government , please do n't be so flabby with your own citizens .
Yes , be strict .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of doing that is to train the citizens to be more responsible for what they did . and , I think it 's enough from me .
I suppose , the government also studied this situation too .
But they did n't do that much after knowing this truth .
I hope the Indonesian government take action about this situation because if it continues then Indonesia will be the most unclean country of the other countries .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She looked happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friend what had happened .
After the class , Alison joined her friends .
She was very enthusiastic and told them that Juan , the boy who she had fallen in love with , had written a letter to her .
Then the friends could not leave to pay attention to Alison 's words .
She transcribed the letter with a lot of passion because it was evident that Juan was interested in Alison too .
While all the girls were listening to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
Alison was like a tomato and all her friends laughed at her .
The boy felt very embarrassed , so he carried on his way and he did not say anything to her .
Alison always said : " If I would not have told this story to my friends , I had spent all evening with Juan "
I think that for public transport there is a future , because over time the gasoline prices and the value of the reparations of vehicles increase .
Like other things , prices increase , from aliment to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , electricity . Then people will choose public transport in the future .
My relaxing activity
Swimming has always been my favourite sport .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was in school to learn and it became my favourite activity when I was really tired .
I was with my sister and my friends and I had a wonderful moment .
Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in the back , so going swimming is really beneficial for me .
Recently I found a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
To beginners in this sport , I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
Swimming is one of the best sports to do , because it requires all parts of the body .
For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy .
There are lots of problems in our lives .
For example , transport .
There are lots of kinds of transportation , such as buses , cars , subways , trains or taixs .
Maybe they are comfortable , terrible , essay , dangerous or average .
If you are late , you can use the subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
Cars and buses become dangerous and cause problems in the street .
My view of eating habits .
Why does our brain think about food every day ?
Why have a fridge in every single home ?
Why ..... ?
Every day , people think about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food . Why ?
Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habit ?
How often do you open your fridge ?
How many times do you go to shop for some snacks ?
What happened to us .....
I remember that my childhood was very quiet , happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Really , I told you that I was like a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portions : soup and meal deal .
So we can start from the beginning : first , was breakfast which included some cereals with hot milk .
Secondly , was lunch at school , like a sandwich and some fruit .
Afterwards , I got home at dinner time and had some dessert .
Could you see how easy and regular life I have got ?
My " private menu " included fresh food like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options of healthy food .
Now , I am a 28 year old woman who does n't have time for a normal dinner because I 'm very busy .
Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some bread with jam , drink a coffee , but more than often I just have time for half a mug and run to work .
During the day I have lunch which is from a can or order some junky food .
Later , I order take away from a Chinese buffet or any pizza .
When the weekend comes , I have a plan for a special dinner which is like home made , but I do n't have time again .
What happened to the healthy life which I wanted to have when I was a child ?
Why does everything look more difficult and harder than it did before ?
Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She went to the station and got a ticket to London .
She stayed there and read the note . The address was near to Big Ben .
When the train came she smiled and got up and sat .
She turned her head and saw him " he was following me " she thought , I should ask him what he is doing here "
" What are you doing here ? " asked Alison . He looks at her but with a bad smile , and turns his head .
First of all , finishing high school is a passage of life that indicates the beginning of a new chapter for the students .
From this moment , they will have maturity and responsibility .
Therefore , many of them are not ready for this .
So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you win a bagage of knowledge , culture , discoveries and , with all of this , you win personal experience .
Sometimes , these are able to change a person , making him or her have a new perception of the world .
However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel , they start to work .
The job provides , as well the trip , responsibility and experience .
It changes in a different way too .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons . For instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study at a university .
Besides that , they have different points of view on many subjects . That is why they may not like the fun and the conversation in the social life with the other students .
They can not enjoy this chapter with young and fresh thoughts .
Finally , making a decision to not go to a university when you finish high school , is n't the easiest action to make .
It is a great decision that brings great consequences and great experience .
Whatever the choice , they will have a mark on their lives forever .
Be careful and choose it well .
Public transport is the backbone of a city .
Usually , people use public transport to travel around the city .
If in a city people use more public transport than their own private vehicle , then it will help to protect the environment and traffic as well .
But now , nowadays , automobile companies are more focused on the improvements of cars so that they can be more environmentally friendly and traffic friendly .
The future of public transport will be measured on the basis of the advancement of the private vehicle .
Sometimes people get offended because of the crowds and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
But the main concern will be technology .
Technology is becoming more advanced .
A car is being made so eco - friendly and user-friendly that it is more
Many people say that at school all students have to start a sport and do that one regularly .
It is not a good idea because some students have to study all the afternoon for other subjects and the free time is very scant .
An example , if a student needs to recuperate a subject or have to get a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
In contrast , doing a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility , but the most important thing is that we are always active so our body can get good results .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers which the body is going to grow and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should take . In my opinion , however , doing a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing with regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
I saw it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
products list ( I suppose it has been depleted ) .
However , I wonder if you could tell me when it
would be available again .
Thank you in advance for your information .
Yours faithfully
In my opinion , they are not my friends . If your parents are your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
They will consider you as an independent person .
Accrodingly , you take responsibility for what you did .
However , they are not my friends .
There are some reasons why they are not . are as follows .
First of all , I make every effort to do my job better . . However , they only consider that I waste my time doing the wrong things .
Next , they do n't believe my capability is good .
I do everything but nothing .
Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .
They always look at me like a kid who never grow up .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe in ability .
I am ovewholemed with grief , living with them .
I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .
I prefer staying alone to living with them .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for education .
In my opinion , watching TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
There is one argument that says that TV promotes us .
The main reason for this is that TV teaches us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
A good example of this is the much informative news which we are allowed to get .
This clearly shows that TV is lecturing .
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; it is definitely also educating .
Many people argue about the use of TV .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us , while others believe that it can also educate .
However , I think that TV can do both .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun , he or she can just choose the right Chanel or movie , such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
Meanwhile , if an individual wants to learn from TV ,
TV provides lots of cognitive programs like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat as well .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people how to deal with problems .
Football is the favourite sport in the world .
It was founded by a talented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The sport has become very famous since the first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
I have really enjoyed watching and playing football since I was a kid .
There are several reasons why people really enjoy soccer so much .
Nothing is permanent in this world . I 've heard these words from the mouth of my parents and until now it is in my heart that helps me to deal with this kind of life .
Sometimes you are happy and sometimes you are sad , nor are you successful or you failed . That is the path of the life we are taking .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar are going by , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person has .
Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our life .
It depends on how you deal with what you have at the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect what you will be in the coming 50 years of your life .
But the most vital part for these changes is yourself .
Everybody has the right one for a change , but it should be for the betterment and not for the worse .
With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , our ways of living go through with it .
A complicated way from before , advanced technologies made it easy and simple now . What else more could we expect next ?
The digital age has been a big problem for the music industry because the news technologies and the internet have helped more musical piracy .
People already do not buy a CD , they simply download it .
" Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
It is a shame that a person is working for many months after people want to enjoy their work without having to pay . It is literally steal .
It is like you designing a chair and the people to take it without paying .
Singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy . Now most of their income comes from concerts and digital platforms like Spotify .
I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
Today , many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , marriage or the age for married , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new ways of family and many values .
This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call these people " alternatives " , but it is each day more common and it creates an inclusive and diverse society .
The culture is changing in this way . Maybe it could be wonderful for human freedom .
CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
