The metro is the most comfortable mode of transportation in Moscow .
The metro is the only one that I use in the city .
Using ground transportation is not comfortable because of traffic .
Just a few years ago , we started to use a special road line .
But the problem is Russian drivers are not getting used to keeping this line free .
Moscow traffic is awful .
Everyone is in a hurry .
There is no difference if you use a car or a bus .
For example , American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train , I mean comes at the exact time like a train .
That 's my dream . I joined the faculty of languages and translation . I was very happy because I achieved my dream .
In this faculty , I faced some problems with my English . I began to ask " How can I improve my English ? "
All the answer was " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well . " I said okay I have to depend on myself . I began to join groups on facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others , I followed them immediately .
I am on my way to improving my English . I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
My dream is to open a Center for Language Learning ,
to teach children and adults in my country good English and I will avoid traditional education .
The best thing that can encourage me to open this center is that I have in my country 5 friends who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy to join me in my center .
I know that is a very amazing dream but I pray Allah to give me all the means to achieve my future dream .
Alex , I and my friends will be going to the cinema at the weekend .
Would you please join us ?
We will see an action movie .
If you will join us , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
Public transport has no future . The crisis in 2008 has down oil prices . Oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the government gives stimolous for consumers .
One day in October , Michael , a boy who was studying architecture , discovered a box with a message . While he was opening the box , he heard a door .
At that moment , a big man came into the bedroom .
This man was his father , who had died .
Michael was very nervous and confused because he did n't understand anything .
He spoke with his father and he asked him why he was there and his father responded that he had the biggest secret about his family .
" In the past , Matilde , your mother killed your brother , although she had a reason . He was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
But Michael did not believe this story and he thought that he was crazy .
This situation was impossible because his father had died and at that moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said " you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you , " but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mrs Kate ,
I want to work in our cafe .
I like a lot of food and drink .
I worked in a cafe last year in my country . I can work a long time .
Sincerely ,
Tracy
How are you ?
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number . It could have been a mistake by the service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure was already sent to service centers .
In the issued notice it clearly states that all defected parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than invoice service center for not following instructions .
So please advise all service centers to return defected parts to Slovakia instead of England .
Nowadays , sport is a very important part of our life .
Many doctors recommend the practice of sport , because it is very healthy for our bodies and for our minds .
Every day , there are many articles and news information that talk about the benefits that you get if you do sport .
My favourite sport is swimming , because as soon as you start this sport you feel better .
Even if you do n't lose weight , you can gain endurance and flexibility .
When I am stay in water I feel free and very quick .
Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but you also do a lot of exercise .
However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired . is different , at the same time , is fantastic !
On the one hand , the advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little will power because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone get in a pool !
On the other hand , my other advice is that I am very sure that you will feel wonderful and happy not at first time , but sure later .
I promise you that it will be this way .
In conclusion , sport is very necessary and useful for you to improve your life .
You start and then you explain to me how you are ?
About Me
Hi , my name is Christian but my friends call me Chris .
I am 13 years old . My birthday is the 13 July .
I was born on Friday the 13th , that 's funny .
I was adopted from South Korea .
I like to play football and floorball . I also like to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun . I like to be out on our sail boat .
I got 1 sister . Her name is Tina . She is annoying .
She 's 9 or 10 years old . I do n't really know .
I like being in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice . I also like the food . I do n't like homework , but I do n't forget it . I am good at teasing my little sister and I am proud of it .
I also got a cat . Her name is Chelsea . My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I look forward to Friday when I am going to the cinema with my friends . We 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
My favorite is Narnia .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movies are probably 22 Jump Street , Lord of the Rings , The TV - show : Suits , The Walking Dead and maybe South Park and Family Guy .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun . I like to be out on our sail boat .
I do n't like to read , but I like music , good music .
I like a lot of artists and a lot of different music genres .
I like everything from pop , electronic , hip hop to calm music .
I watch a few TV series but I watch them over the internet , so I do not try to time the clock to see an episode .
I like the restaurant we ate at when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
Hi , my name is Elliot and I like video games and Lego .
I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talking English " when I talk English .
I know that I have not written it but I have a brother .
He is 9 years old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the time .
I mean when he wants something he just says , give me that .
I have two parents like most people .
My mum 's name is Jenny and my dad 's name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
I do n't know so many parents , but whatever .
I like books too , but I ca n't read so well , so I do not read so hard books with hundreds of pages .
I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy Kid or like Percy Jackson .
I like to talk English at school too , but my friends do n't like it when I talk about it in school , so I speak Swedish with them .
My fewrit lessons are Swedish lessons because I like to write stories .
My best friend 's name is Viktor and he is really fun and I like him .
My family lives in a
Hi Daniel ,
How are you ? I am going to describe myself so you will be able to recognize me when we meet at the train station .
I am tall , around 2 meters , with black hair and blue eyes .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and yellow shorts .
I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at gate number seven .
Kind Regards ,
Rafael
I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .
He likes to play guitar in his free time and likes to go out with friends .
Nowadays , we are in the age of the internet .
A flat world is created by the internet connection .
We have our knowledge easily and we learn more easily too .
This is the power of information technology .
The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we really have many things to see , to think about , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
They help us to communicate with the world and we only have only twenty hours a day . We know more things and we lose more time for many interesting things .
But it just happens in information technology and related fields such as : communication , ...
On another hand , we still have many other technologies to create many useful machines , hand services to help our life get better and better day by day .
Transportation helps us go abroad more quickly , even come to space by a tour .
It would be amazing for you if you had enough money to pay for that tour .
We feel more happy , comfortable and refreshed after something like that .
Biography technology gives us more food .
Chemistry gives us more tablets .
Yes , we are solving many problems with our technology for our feelings , our health and our finances too .
You can join any stock market all over the world to buy some Google stock and sell some Facebook stock too and earn some money .
You take the world in your hands with technology to help your life better and better actually , but it is not full that it will be good . Let 's keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
How can I help the environment ?
How can a group of friends help the environment ?
This year me and my friends are going to help Parque Corgo from the recent forest fire .
We are worried that if the trees do n't get planted soon , they will never grow up again .
That is the reason why we are going to plant 1000 trees .
Egypt has more historical places such as the pyramids . It is one of the empirical in the world and more people from around the world come to see these pyramids . The world thinks about how Egyptian people made this building from maybe a thousand years ago and it still stands without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
Public transport has improved regional development over the past decade . It 's convenient and necessary for city life .
But when it comes to travel , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not like to go where everybody goes .
If you have a car , you can go anywhere you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .
It 's more flexible for your travel plan .
And , there 's really enough development on our planet , it would be better if we could leave some places blank , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Save some nature for the earth , and leave clear air for our kids .
Build public transport in a city , not in a country .
My favorite sport is cricket .
It is a very important and very enjoyable game .
Today , cricket is a very famous game in the world .
Among them , cricket is very famous in Sri Lanka .
We could go to the world of cricket .
It is really great .
Today we have clever cricketers and famous amperes than other countries .
It is very valuable .
Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous countries for cricket .
But those countries are very developed and they have many facilities .
But Sri Lanka is a developing country .
They have no facilities like other countries .
But Sri Lanka 's cricket team won the World cup in 2014 .
It is a very important opportunity in our country .
So I think I can enjoy cricket more than other games .
You can start the cricket game .
And you can earn more money and you can go to other countries .
Today we have lots of sports games .
Volley ball , netball , Elle , Table tennis , Karate , etc .
But it is not famous and we could n't go to in the world .
But cricket is very famous and we know many cricketers .
We can be famous and earn more money .
Cricket is better for our health than other games .
In my opinion , cricket is best for you . You can be a good cricketer .
You do not what to do ?
Are you a tourist ?
Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?
If I am right , continue reading this .
We have a lot of shopping facilities . which is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops , like clothes shops , pet shops , food shops , shoe shops , accessories shops , toy shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need it is not incredible ?
But for some of them you have to search very well because some of the shops are unique and some others are very well hidden , but for that you have specialized transport that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go
Hi ,
You wo n't believe what I did last month !
I worked backstage at a rock concert !
It was such a great experience for me .
I applied to one music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage working .
What was my job ?
Mostly I helped others and carried stuff .
I have enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far .
It was quite stressful , but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .
People were singing and shouting - they all seemed to be really happy .
I hope I will do that again .
See you around
Steve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .
Poland is really beautiful and you should choose it wisely .
I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .
It 's the heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people from here .
Every big city in Poland is very similar to each other .
If you want to relax , you can also go to the mountains or the sea .
Even there , you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
But let 's talk about working there .
We appreciate kind and hard - working people .
But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .
The rate is pretty low .
But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .
Take care
Ola
Hi Paty .
I 'm going to tell you about me .
My name is Agustina López . I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
I 'm fifteen years old .
Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again )
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate at home , with my family and some friends .
I love to do many things , like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running and I love fashion very much , like shoes , make - up , bags and clothes .
This summer was the best . I went to Cuchilla Alta with my best friends . Their names are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela and Lucía .
I have a great time with them .
I also went to piriapolis with my family and all the days .
We went to the beach . We loved it .
I like English because it is very important to know other languages to communicate with other people and when I go to another country it is very important to know English .
I think that it is very interesting and I like it .
Dear penfriend ,
Hello , how are you ?
I hope you are fine when you read this letter .
I am very well and everything is all right .
Well , I am writing to tell you about my last summer .
I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it unless my friend Lucy encouraged me .
The staff was really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were gentle all the time .
I learnt lots of things , such as dealing with money and tickets and watching movies freely .
We got to work at four in the afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off that I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met handsome guys .
This summer was really great .
I recommend you to try this kind of job in case you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .
Lots of kisses and hugs . Please write soon
Love
Giselle
In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in traffic jams .
Firstly , as everybody knows , the cost of fuel is increasing more and more , adding to the bill that owning a car will bring , it becomes immediately clear that it is cheaper to get around by public transport .
Why then is there still so many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of sitting comfortably on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?
I would say that this is because public transport is not as efficient as it should be .
In my town , for example , I have to wait for up to forty minutes before I can take a bus .
I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would live in their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
Secondly , the environment would improve . Indeed , as far as I can see , the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy . The same as far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .
In conclusion , I would really like that politicians who care about public transport will improve the services so that more people can leave their vehicles at home and move around much more easily .
The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .
You see man , I do n't like crowded roads , and prefer to travel by tram .
It is cheap and eloquence .
I have been playing basketball on weekends since I was little .
I also like to play baseball , too .
I can play basketball and baseball like there is no tomorrow .
I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .
I play with them in the playground .
I ca n't imagine life without sports .
In today 's society .
Most people travel by car , because public transport is not convenient for people to use .
Maybe , in fact , the lands are big , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
The general transport facilities can be divided into three levels .
On the lands , the railroad and highway go through most city roads .
On the sea , including the routes and port facilities .
In the sky , including airplane flights and airport construction .
Transport construction and economic development have a close relationship , and use of land is more important .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but the construction of seaport and airport must with congenital conditions .
When integrate of the economy and land planning is accomplished , the public transport constrcutions are convenient for people to use .
I am going to write about how life is going to change in the next 50 years .
Although we do n't realise we have to be conscious
that every day is a different day if we compare with the one that has passed .
Some years ago , we did n't use technology to get in touch with friends and family , but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
some people who ca n't live without it .
I am speaking about the mobile and how it has changed our lives .
It 's normal
that in the next 50 years it is going to change .
There will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things , but maybe some bad things too .
To sum up , although we do n't want our life to change , it is normal that it will have different changes .
It is necessary for our lives to have or to feel that we are getting better .
My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for our minds .
It also helps us with our studies .
I agree that it 's not physical exercise but a mental one .
