Eating habits in my country have really changed in the last ten years .
It is n't clear completely , but I sopuse it depends on changing habits of life in the developing process of our society .
The first and most important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy . The reason is probably women 's lifestyle . That is going to be a big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared good .
The other matter is about our habit of eating food together with our family . That was a custom in humanity life , not just in our culture , but now , because of a hard and busy life , we have to eat our meals mostly on days of the week .
Now , we forget big dinner tables that are filled with family members .
But a good change in our habits is attention to clean food and healthy food because of getting information on the internet and other media that are accessible for all people easily these days .
Though l think change is ignorable , we can control it to make our lives better , especially about food . That is the most important aspect of our lives but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .
The truth of the matter is I think I 'm full of ideas , but unfortunately I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
However , I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .
That was the best place I had ever been .
We went to New York for four days .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
While I was in the bathroom , my cousin was smoking .
When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry during the whole flight .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing tour but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
I think I will go back next year .
It was a well planned holiday .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John , decided to take a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
They search for tickets flight , rental car , and hotel .
They were so excited and could not wait to go there .
About one month before departure , they search on the internet for places that might be interested in their mind .
There are Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , a shopping centre and the most exciting part is buying chocolates .
One day before going , Michael suddenly had a problem .
He needed to follow his family to the town .
With all his hurt heart , he told his two friends about the matter .
Adam and John were very angry .
They said , they had already planned and Michael happily ruined the vacation .
They need to think again about the budget and all of the stuff .
Michael could not stand it anymore , he scolded his friends and said something that nobody wanted to hear .
His mother heard what had happened .
She tried to have a slow talk with her son in his room .
She said , money can make everyone hurt if it is not settled down very well .
After all the wise advice , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
Michael tried to think again wisely .
He accompanied his mother to the end of his room 's door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He called back his friends and managed to settle down all the mess .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , but he forgot what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to stay for a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
She was absolutely fine .
There is a man who is most important to one 's life .
I am not different from others , a back - downstairs influence in my life . He is none but my father .
I respect him so much and admire him also .
He is my best friend who never hurts me .
He always helps me by giving good advice .
He is an ideal farmer who never even tells a lie .
His means of livelihood is the simplest .
He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling lie.so far as I remember , one day he was advising me , suddenly an old man suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly entered the conversation and made a foolish speech .
Nevertheless , my father did n't tell him arrogantly , but he made him know the right thing politely .
He is a fluent speaker .
That 's why I admire him .
Everyone makes mistakes . No one can say I have not made any mistakes in my life .
I have made many mistakes I guess .
But is that a big problem in our life or a small problem or does it really not matter ?
Or do you really regret what you have done ?
Travelling by car plays an important role in our lives .
There is a lot of private transport in the streets .
However , travelling by bus or tram never gets away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting a car , but you would never know what could happen with your car , where it will get stuck or some other problems will happen .
Public transport has a timetable .
This fact gives the government such opportunities to manage the traffic on the roads , cities or town streets .
Private transport gives us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
We get nervous because we are responsible not only for our lives but for other people 's , too .
And also , we have to understand that using public transport is cheaper than using a car .
The other side of the problem is ecology .
Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?
What can we say about our ecological consciousness ?
Let 's take a bicycle to travel to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
Transport is more important for our lives .
Public transport has no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
Public transport is not suitable for luggage .
Travell plans need to depend on public transport .
It is more fun when we travel by car .
We can play music or talk about anything while we travel in the car .
Public transport is more boring .
If there is no public transport in some areas , then we need to hire a taxi .
So , if we have a car , it is much easier than using transport .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ?
Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .
Hong Kong is a wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing .
You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
Visiting Big Budda on Lamma Island , see the beautiful night view in the Peak .
Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hiking .
I am sure that you will love this country !
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you can teach English for summer lessons .
In Hong Kong , most students would like to take some courses in the Summer Holiday .
I will get some information for you if you are interested in it .
Write to me if you have fixed your itinerary and look forward to seeing you in Hong Kong .
Ta
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will deliver us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car , yes , a car we have been using all our lives .
But this time will be another story because in order to save time and money , we are going to use our own car .
Let me explain my reasons . When you drive your car you can take it from your garage or to the main door of your house and it gets you whatever you want , but on the other hand , if you take public transport it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you must pick the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time . Otherwise , it is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have some coins to pay the bus driver ? Here comes the problem .
You should look for a shop to exchange your money into coins .
What 's the time , then ?
Obviously , you are late to work , even if you have an appointment to make an interview for a job .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She read a note from her boyfriend , Tom .
She must go to a shopping centre because Tom is waiting for her in the shopping centre .
They are going to see a new film about James Bond .
Alison is very happy because she had not seen Tom for two months .
He had been studying in a different country and they had not seen each other for months .
Tom is studying in London .
Alison went to a bus stop and she waited for a bus .
She can not wait to see Tom .
When she arrived at a shopping centre , Tom was already waiting .
They want to spend all evening together .
The Lion King is my favourite film .
It is the story about a little lion and his life .
Symba is the main character .
He must begun to be the king .
He lives in the wild .
His father saves him from a fight , but he dies and Symba is sad .
He moved to another place because he did n't want to be in the same place where his father died .
But he knows Timon and Pumba and they get that Symba believes again that life is good .
Then , Symba saves Pumba from a lion and this lion is Nala , who is an old friend of Symba .
They return and Symba gets to be the lion king .
I would recommend this film because it is funny , entertaining and you can learn principles .
My name is Shousheng and I live in Montreal , Canada .
Although Canada is an English country , in Montreal , the official language is French .
So I do not have the opportunity to practical English because most of my colleagues speak French .
They speak French in meetings , in the gearm , and in the shopping
My favourite sport is running .
When I have free time , I usually run because I feel really relaxed after that .
I started this sport six years ago and I found myself .
When I stop doing it for a week , I feel that there is something missing and I 'm not in good shape .
I advise everyone to start this sport .
In fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .
But it 's very important for your health .
Running will help you burn calories and make you calm and relaxed .
My favourite sport is football .
I like football because it improves my basic skills and my mind does not take that much stress .
Football is really good because it is an active sport .
It is bewildering !
I was inspired by a true ledgend . His name is Edan Hazard .
He plays for Chelsea .
My favourite teams are Chelsea , Man City , Man United , Real Madrid and Barcelona .
That is all I can say . I love football very much .
Yes , we can say that a car is much more convenient . but every person can not afford a car .
even that price is behind fuel for cars .
That 's the first fact .
and the second one is the fashion or style of young people who do n't like going somewhere using a car rather than a bike .
After that last point , we can not go everywhere using a car we would like .
There are limitations also there .
Maybe many people like it because there are so many services with it .
but it does not mean that public transport does not have a future .
That fact makes sense because the maintainance of public transport is not the responsibility of the travelers .
If we want to count the function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is the most needed service in big cities as well as small villeges .
It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city like Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only the best ones .
Let 's look at the most popular places where tourists prefer spending their free time in Moscow .
I 'm sure I 'll agree that Red Square is the most popular sight in the captial of Russia .
That 's why I suggest starting the journey from this place .
You can get there by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .
From Red Square you can easily see Moscow Kremlin , St. Basil 's Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Trading House .
If you are dying of hunger , you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at the restaurant # 57 , which is on the the third floor of the Gum .
I prefer spending my free time in the parks .
Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure .
It 's the capital 's central park where you 'll find lots of interesting affairs .
There are lots of facilities , such as a sports centre , ping pong club , hire centre etc .
There is an open - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 PM .
So , if you want to have a memorable holiday , the capital of Russia is the most attractive place .
My friend 's name is Kadir .
He is from Giresun .
He likes playing mobile phone , playing basketball and reading books .
hobbies are listening to music , playing computer games , watching football matches and watching TV .
These are my friend 's hobbies .
I 'd like to talk about my past .
I 'm only fifteen years old but I think I have a heavy past .
First , I 've always lived in a kind of little flat which is a social logement .
We did n't have a lot of money , but I went to a private elementary school .
There were a lot of rich people , maybe we were about ten to one hundred not living in a house .
I had a lot of friends , too many friends .
In sixth grade , I realized that they did n't really love me , or even like me .
I remember two contrary moments : One day we had to create a team to do an exercise which used the brain . They chose me .
Although , another time , we had to create a team for doing sport , and they did n't choose me .
That gets to the second problem I had , and stay now : my weight .
They did n't choose me because of my weight .
I was too fat , too much fat . I looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I was four years old .
Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then everything changed .
Learning English is very important for the future of all .
It is a language that many people speak and know .
Many people start learning English at school .
Later , people continue in language schools .
It is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .
In an English - speaking country , you learn to live .
People speak differently , but at a basic level , we understand English .
It is difficult to go to a place unknown with different people , but it is a good experience to learn .
I think if the whole world had only one language it would be better .
Everyone could speak and understand .
Not so . Therefore , we must study English .
Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was faced with failures and kept telling myself that it was n't a big shame because I had tried my best .
Thus , I became more mature because I overcame those hard times .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it on my own or with my friends , and because it 's very useful for my health and also keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
Sometimes I feel tired of walking , especially on sunny days with high temperatures , but that ca n't let me stop doing this sport .
When I 'm walking , that can refresh me all the time and makes me feel good .
I want to give advice to people who love this type of sport ; please do not let it go , and do it if you can , because it 's a beneficial sport .
Hi , everyone .
It is a good idea to improve my English writing .
I 'd like to speak about the education process in Egypt .
I just graduated from the faculty of law " English division " two years ago , with very good grades .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had exerted in my university to get a good job in my specialization as a lawyer .
But in Egypt , no one takes his rights . You should pay a lot of money to have a job or know someone use his authority to appoint you .
So , I intended to get a job in another state like Dubai . I heard jobs there are very good and also the compensation . I have submitted my CV for various jobs .
but what is the common reply ?
Your qualifications are not satisfactory . You must be UK or USA educated .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks in education but do not have the ability to work in real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
Thanks .
1 ) I like helping people
2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinema .
3 ) Meryy refused to borrow money .
4 ) Can we afford to purchase a car next year ?
5 ) I look forward to meeting you .
6 ) The movie I watched made me cry .
I do not think it 's easy to do research in India .
Even if I want to focus on my work , they will create one or another issue to distract me .
I will make my own path , though it will be difficult for me .
But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight with the system .
We generally use the word " stress " when we feel that everything seems to have become too much - we are overloaded and wonder whether we can really cope with the pressures placed upon us .
We can change everything that hurts us if we need if we have volition .
The reasons for stress are more diverse . Perhaps because we have an exam period , family problems or because we think in a negative way , or we destroy ourselves in long hours of working and cancel our needs for enough comfortably , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get out of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves because it 's a very hurtful period . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
Remmeber that stress is not a lasting thing , and you can avoid it .
But if you are willing to live a happy life .
Dear Sir
I am writing to complain about the cafe - lunch menu .
In my opinion , the main course needs a lack of improvement .
Firstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have much choice of vegetables .
Secondly , there is not a variety of desserts , mainly fruits and puddings .
There is not a variety of healthy drinks , there are not many hot drinks either .
Some people say that people in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan etc and they do not have a variety of food to choose from , like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
It is considered that you should change the type of food regularly .
Reduce the fast food that makes people obese and not healthy .
It would be better if you gave drinks compared to the weather , like whenever it is winter we would like a hot drink and if it is summer we would like a chilled drink .
I hope you consider this a major problem in the cafe .
Thank you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I 'm writing to you regarding a letter I saw on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy in your cafe staff .
As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and currently looking for a job that does n't disrupt my studies at college .
For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my incoming helping me pay my bills .
Now I am twenty - fiver years old and when I was a teenager I lived abroad twice .
The first time in London , for 6 months , and most recently in Berlin , for 8 months .
The movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " The Purge "
I actually loved it quite a lot . I just loved all the suspense and the parts they leave you hanging . It 's just way too interesting . The movie is about the American government who annually give 12 hours where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whoever you want .
The thing is , some people do n't think it 's OK , and they do n't agree , so they just stay inside and try to survive the night .
The diagrams illustrate the process of producing bank notes .
At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed considering the colour matching and artwork , including the issues of safety .
After designing , metal plates are supposed to be prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
Then , it comes to the printing step .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , the image is increased gently by a certain type of ink .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked to see whether they are of perfect quality or not .
They can only be packed and distributed when they are of good quality .
In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are separated badly need to be destroyed in a safe way which can stop them from going into the market .
