For the countries like Singapore , they are short of manpower to contribute to the nation .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disables such as medical subsidizes and builds up special schools to educate them .
Without increasing number of disables in a nation , the government is able to concentrate to develop in other ways like military and education .
As citizens of a nation , they have the responsibility to support their country in many ways .
Moreover , in the world we are living today , many miscarriages conducted in hospital every day .
It is easier for people to accept it morally .
Therefore I believe the parents have their right to know the healthiness of their child .
Many people may support with a theory that every people have their right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
However , the problem is , will the people really enjoy their life if they have to stay at hospital everyday and with all the needles and endless pain ?
Parents know what the best is for their children , thus they will make a right decision after they have be informed .
Also , human being should improve the medical field in order to prevent the tragedy happen .
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Genetic testing is a personal choice .
One should have the full control of his/her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to some one else .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple are going to have babies , they are going to run a few tests and see whether their could have some genetic diseases .
The results are disclosed to husbands and wifes .
This is not the case I am talking about here .
The most obvious reason for those who argue for this opinion is that the relatives of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
They have the right to know whether they are at risk .
Also , telling them the result can let them largely reduce the cost for multiple testing .
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease .
If person has a disease C that might be a result of gene A .
He runs a test and know that he has the gene AA .
This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .
This means one of his parents has gene A and one cost of testing could be saved .
His relatives can then take measures , if this disease can some how be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives .
However , this can also be achieved from personal choice .
One can choose to tell their relatives if they are at risk .
Most people care about their relatives , if there is no serious consequence of telling them so , I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful .
One might also choose to hint or encourage their certain relatives to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that comes across when they disclose their genetic results .
There are possible negative consequences that those might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relative .
If a person is obliged to tell his/her relatives , he or she might be discriminated by those who do not carry this gene .
He or she might even be adviced not to get married or have children .
For example , if an unmarried person has gene Aa and gene aa is sufficient for a very seriou disease .
After he takes the test and be obliged to tell his relatives , everyone know that he is a carrier .
So all the married couples go run a test and know they are not carriers.They might subconsiously see him as different and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well .
Third , it is hard to define relatives .
If a gene runs in the family , one of the family member test positive , whom does he need to tell .
If that is a big family , is he obliged to tell everyone ?
Spouses usually have very close relationships , if person A tell his family that he has this gene , his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needed to run a test because his cousine has this disease .
However wife D is not even under the risk of having this disease .
Then wife D might tell her mother , who likes to gossip on her way to the theatre .
In less than a week half of the town knows person A has a risked gene , and his family might be a genetically risked family .
Then nobody wants to marry A , or his relatives .
This is the potential consequence if one does not have full control of his/her information , especially when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ) .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives
Nowadays , people not only pursuit the comfort of their own life but also a better development of their following generations .
Since the technology of modern society has been so advanced , it becomes possible for people to make decision to take genetic test so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which can affect their next generation .
The debatable question , an ethical dilemma , is that are people responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
In my opinion , the responsibility of telling family and relatives is quite obvious .
And there are two basic reasons .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellness and health of your relatives and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk is good for your self-wellness and health of your relatives .
Because if you are carrying that genetic risk , then there is great possibility that your relatives like parents or siblings are carrying the same genetic risk as well .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
If you have n't undergone the genetic testing , it 's just odd and fate for what will happen to both of you and your relatives .
However , if you have undergone and known that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoiding getting the disease .
As for those in your family who are more likely to be affected , they can go to the hospital to do the checks regularly .
Therefore , telling the families and the relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even prevent to get the disease is your responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also being responsible for your next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and give birth to the baby , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well .
Being the parent , you are not responsible to you next generations , since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and being aware of it .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a chance about whether to have child or not .
And if you still decide to have the baby , since the technology has been developed so advanced , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering gene is perfected and widely used , you can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future .
This is the responsibility of being a parent .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing at the first place .
As a conclusion , once you have undergone the genetic testing and being aware of carrying some specific genetic risk , there are responsibilities to your relatives , yourself , and your following generations by telling your relatives and families the truth .
To tell or not to tell
Consider a case , we decide to undergo genetic testing and have known the result of it .
We found that we actually are the genetic risk carrier .
Then it becomes troublesome about whether we need to tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well .
There are really a lot of things we need to consider .
Every choice we have made may have a huge impact on their whole life .
As a result , what should we do ?
Tell them or keep this secret until we die ?
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
For example , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
Once we found we were carrying this genetic risk , it is better for us to tell our family members because they may carry it as well .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits like eating less sugar contained food and keeping a good mood .
And it is important for those young people .
The earlier we tell them , a better habit they will arise and better for the rest of their lives .
What 's more they may undergo genetic test as well to see whether they are carrying it or not which is also better for them .
However , some people may argue that why we want to interfere with their lives ?
Sometimes it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news especially if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease which is untreatable .
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly one day your relative comes tells you that actually there are some possibilities that you may encounter some disease in the future , what kind of feeling are you going to have ?
It may affect our daily lives and we will think about it every day .
We become so anxious that we can not focus on everything .
At the same time , there will also be chances that the genetic test result is not correct which means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing , so actually we are bringing trouble to them .
Personally I feel that we still should take our responsibility to tell them the situation .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to make it in a positive way .
We can not let it go .
We should know that although we may affect their lives , we can still let them make correct choices in the future .
It is only after we tell them will they start paying attention to their health .
They will consider whether to give a birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem and they will start finding ways to try to avoid their baby to carry this genetic risk as well .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
Maybe after we tell them , they will go for it and know more about themselves .
I know it will have a huge impact on them , but we should know that they are our loved ones , we need to tell them and help them .
A genetic risk carrier should be obliged to tell
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
Once the test is done , whether the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused social extensive controversy .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected .
He or she has the right not to tell anyone .
However , in my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or her actual situation .
This essay will illustrate in two aspects .
First of all , it can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics to their family members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Some of the diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way and save much time for proper treatment .
Sometimes life may even be saved if they are told early and conduct timely treatment .
So for the consideration for the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Secondly , it can avoid genetic disease passed to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
They should let their spouse know about his or her situation before marriage .
They need to ask for doctor 's advice before they plan to have a baby .
Some genetic gene will pass only to boys rather than girls , some are on the contrary .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may have risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
I noticed a real story on newspaper years ago .
A couple in China have a son of 5 years old .
Their son unfortunately fell ill and he was diagnosis a kind of genetic disease which is very serious .
They were told that the wife 's family was carrying the polygenetic disorder and can pass only to boys rather than girls .
Therefore their son was inherited the genetic disease .
However , the wife actually had already known about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband .
The son was died after one year 's treatment and the couple got divorced later after that .
If the wife had not hind the truth and asked for doctor 's advice before they have baby , the tragic would not happen .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family the possible disease they may have and can perform treatment in time if possible .
On the other hand , it may pass the disease to the next generation if the carrier hides the truth .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do a genetic testing .
We can not deny that the genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face the disorder problem .
However , I thought that the genetic information is one person 's personal privacy which should be protected by the law .
Therefore , I thought a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
There are three reasons as follows .
Firstly , the information concerning to the genetic is something personally which is also a privacy like people 's bank card key .
Other people should not be told without the person 's permission even though they are his or her family or relatives .
The government should set the law to protect this kind of privacy .
Once people 's genetic information is told to other people .
They may know the person 's potential disabled disease or other bad things naturally .
They may set a bias on this person even abandon his or her .
People do not have the ability to choose their gene , they should not be thought badly because of bad gene .
So I think whatever the genetic is or whether the gene is match with their parents , it should not be told to anyone even his or her family or relatives .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family even broken the relation between children with the adult .
Once his or her family or relatives know that the person does not have the relation with them .
However happy they were before , there would be some barrier appears which will truly destroy the family gradually .
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested only in the genetic way ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
The parents give knowledge and love to the children , meanwhile they feel happy with the accompany of the children .
The children rely the parent to live .
When they grow up , they take care of the old parents and thank for their dedication .
The relation between parents and children is something about love and dedication .
Everyone does not want to see the scene of the broken family due to the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Finally , the technology of testing the gene is not very mature now .
There also exists some probability of wrong testing .
If the wrong testing was not found by the doctor , the family and the children may be sad and have a struggling life for their whole life .
Therefore I think a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
Therefore , considering the people 's privacy and the existence of wrong testing , for the peace of the family , I support that a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
A Carrier of a Known Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Tell His or Her Relatives
More and more illness are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of the medical technology .
People will know about whether they carry a disease on their genes after they have done the genetic test .
If there is no problem , that will be wonderful .
However , not everybody is so lucky that they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes .
Therefore , once people find they have carried the disease genes , they should be responsible to tell their relatives , at least their family members .
It may be awkward and embarrassed for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather , then of course they own the same genes in some part .
Therefore there is nothing to be shy for or be afraid of .
If the person tell their relatives that he or she carries a disease gene , his or her relatives can go to hospital to check whether they also get a disease gene .
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to prevent the disease to occur .
Also they can prevent the disease going to their offspring .
If the relatives carry that disease gene , they can share the experience with him or her and give some help , they will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue .
If he or her not get married , he or she must tell his or her partner that he carries disease gene .
Then they can have a healthy baby with the help of the doctors .
Or else , if he holds back the genetic risk , they may have a unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or end of their marriage .
There is a story I watched on TV .
A couple did not have a child after their marriage for a long time , their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospital to check what was the problem .
After came back from the hospital , the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene so that they can not have a baby in their life time .
The woman did not know the test result , but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce with her husband .
After got the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test report ; it wrote that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man .
At that time , the woman known how much her husband loved her but she ruined her happiness .
Tears showed nothing .
People can not avoid carrying the disease genes , which they born with .
However , they can avoid the disease genes being inhered to their children .
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can make their family members bond closely , also many risks and conflicts can be avoided .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect each individual at risk for a disorder .
However , there rises a family-related ethical dilemma if it is right to tell a carrier 's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the rights to know the result .
The answer is simply that everyone , especially our family , has the right to know the truth .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , while the potential negative impacts of the risk still exist , the consequence will be significant if other members of his or her family do not know .
Then they are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and emotional preparations .
Taking Angeline Jolie for example , she is famous but she still revealed the truth about her genetic testing on the development of her breast cancer risk .
Everything is not that bad if you know how to look at the bright side with hope .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about their results .
In some cases , a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also related to the others ' risk somehow .
However , I believe it is just a usual reaction to this situation .
In addition , though it can be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life , how people can face more dramatic tragedy such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation .
Life is hard but people can not blame it on being unfair .
It is just because that you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard time .
Furthermore , living with a secret is not a good sensation , especially if the situations of other relatives become worse , you should feel guilty and depressed .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever but when it is revealed , more shocking and upset it will be .
As the result , it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives , telling the genetic testing result is needed .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , telling the result to your family can improve and develop understanding and sympathy of each other as well as promoting awareness of taking care of everyone 's health .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination of the society and anxiety about the risks .
To put it in the nutshell , I believe that people should have the obligation to tell their relatives about the genetic testing result for the good of their health .
It can be very difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their family .
In addition , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition is also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and if necessary to guide them if he/she wish to conduct a similar genetic testing .
The Impact Of Social Media
Social media has been playing a vital important role in our lives today .
It is almost imposible for us to keep way from it .
I started invoving into Facebook one years ago,when I just arrived singapore .
And now I got over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with hundrends of seeds every day .
We know each others ' status , changements and so on through the social media .
For an example , if we change our contact numbers , we will not send SMS to each of individual any longer .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform this kind of changments .
And if you are not on it , you will just get lost .
In certain aspects , social media has brought us quite a lot of convenience .
It is becoming even more convinient than talking throught the phone since it is free .
We discuss every thing we like and we have more personal space.Our friends also got more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
And also , we get a chance to talk to public people like popular stars and know their life better .
In China , a lot of government organizations have open blogs to communicate with people , like firefighters , police stations and so on .
Socia media allows them to explain to or inform people what is going on .
And actually lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media like looking for people get lost and so on .
With more convinient and humanian communications , the relationship between government and people get largely improved .
What 's more , various of cultures can be shown to us through social medias .
We can know more news and cultures through socia medias .
From this scope , social media has shorten our distance .
However , we get less chance and less importance to talk face to face since social media is so convinient , advanced and interesting .
And even we gather together more people find themselves has less topics to talk than before and choose to digging from their social media again .
When we are far away , social media makes it as we are infront of each other ; sometimes when we are by each others ' side , we are seem to be further than far away .
This kind of feeling makes people 's relationship not as stable , secure and reliable than before .
Besides , there are more people shwing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experience .
To some extent , this makes our life more luxry and blundering .
For myself , I am long to some places after I saw those beatiful pictures taken by my firneds .
Sometimes I even canoot sleep well because of excitement .
Social media makes our life patten so fast and left us less time to think about our life .
Social media is becoming more important and we need to think more to make it serve us better and better .
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills requires practice .
Besides that , these skills requires time to develop and adapted .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its stint ; but amongst all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
Convenience and efficiency are two very important use of social media .
While millions of users are connect at any one time , any information can be readily available at their perusal .
This improves the connectivity between the users .
For an example , one is able to send notifications and other information we use to have them in hardcopy previously , over the web and the process takes seconds .
The receipent,will then receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
This covenience can be percieved as almost in realtime .
Next , communication are also greatly improved .
In the past , vast communication are done by one of the many such a telegram , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
With the welcoming of application such as Skype and Facetime , any individual can phase off most , of the olden days communication methods .
Aside from hearing the voice , a webcamera could also be affixed to emulate a 'real ' interaction with expressions and gestures .
Communication would have took a different turn without the easily available social media .
However , it is a good practice not to intesively use social media all the time .
Intimate interaction greatly lack in social media interactions , particularly the touch .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recepient .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessarily parts of the skills required for a proper interpersonal relations .
