My answer is no .
On one hand , we do not want this potential danger causing firghtenning affects in our families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we got certain disease , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring us too much or keeping away from us .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these problems .
It is a concern that will be with us during our whole life , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb' ' will explode .
On the other hand , if there are ways can help us to control or cure the disease , we can going through thses process from the scope of the whole family .
For an example , if exercising is helpful for family potential disease , we can always look for more chances for the family to go exercise .
And we keep track of all family members health conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members got this disease .
Here I want to share Forest'view on this issue .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
In fact , requiring someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
"
Nothing is absolute right or wrong .
If certain disease genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others , it is OK to disclose the result .
Above all , life is more important than secret .
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
Afterall , what affects one family may or may not affect another although the families has a common genetic make up , shared by either of the parents .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , disclosing or otherwise , to his or her relative is solely a matter of preference within the indivdial moral system .
The issue on right to know or not to know is highly debatable although it is a genetic risk , one can not be entire sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parents - his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts or cousin .
This also means that as soon a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurently has a knowledge about others .
This knowledge maybe relavant to them , and vice versa .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer .
It is hereditary .
Do one who suffered from this disease keep it a secret of infrom their relatives ?
In retrospect , its is also ones duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks in their own .
Sometimes some family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication .
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from : the son or daughter for example , the parents who knows about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed ' to tell .
For example , within a family , regardless of who had first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring , either adult at risk .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information as they not want to know .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
The notion of authority also extended 'vertically' .
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt , even when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is .
From a practitioner 's perspective these findings are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct they may not be in line with geneticists ' views of family relationships , or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assisting those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral and the nature of how 'directive ' the risk is to them .
People with close blood relationship generally carry some similar genes .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others known about the risk so that his/her familay members are able to perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the correspongding flows .
In my opinion , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self privacy , it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease .
I agree with this statement to a large extent .
Focus on the negative side of the annouance of genetic risk first .
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it as a secret as the genetic risk may indicates their high chance to carry certain disease .
Especially for the young people without marrige , if he/she is known to have some genetic risk , it may have certain chance that his/her child would carry the same disease , but not in certain .
Therefore , to keep the information as secret to his/her future spouce would help the relationship .
Secondly , annouance the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue , although the factor would not be that serious , people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future thus go to hospital and do additional check or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease , and this creats unnecessary costs to the family .
Furthermore , the annouance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance to get the potential disease .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept as a secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extend and help to keep the privacy , but it has much larger negative impacts to the family members and relatives .
First , for the case of marrige , people should be honest and tell his/her spouce they may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offsprings .
It is better to let the other party know the fact than after the baby is born and certain type of genetic disease is found .
It is better for both parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic disease has a close relationship with the born gene together with their daily habits .
For example , if a carrier is told that he/she has the risk to have diabetes .
In this case , the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake to much sugars , and at the same time , if the carrier tell this information to the relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future becouse of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not know , they may end up with to have diabete in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , we could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers relatives overweights the costs .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives , in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large amount of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
Genetic disorder may or may not be hirataged hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of diseases .
It is a long time discussion that whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by gene .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no but from the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
We ca n't make a law to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his genetic problem .
It is immoral and impractical .
Firstly , someone having what kinds of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
Privicy protection belongs to one 's human rights .
If a law requires someone to tell others ' his or her privacy especially when the one is not willing to do so .
It is againt his or her human rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
The law 's spirit also include the fairness .
What is the basic difference between genetic disorder and other disorders .
It is unfair to release a law only point to the genetic disorder .
In addition , it is impractical to make such a law .
A good law should be clear and easy to execute .
However , there are many problems againt the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her ralatives the cause of his or her diseases .
Firstly , what is the range of the relatives ?
For example , does the carrier only need to tell his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
If you say only need to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of law .
Other relatives may have the same possibilities to have such kind of disease .
How can a law made by government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potetial disease ?
However , from the ethical point of view .
To the carrier himself of herself , he of she should have a feeling of resposiblity to tell his or her relatives their genetic disorder .
By doing this ,they may be able to save some lives of their relatives .
It is because a carrier with bad gene may not necessary have those genetic disease , if they can have coresponding healthy lifestyle before the age that the gene 's function become stronger .
A typical example is genetic caused hypertension .
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in blood which can cause hypertension .
People usually get this kind of hypertesion after they become adult .
However , if they already know they have a gene that may make them have higher possibilities to get hypertention .
They can build a daily habit to eat less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't push genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives but he or she should be willing to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem .
By doing so , less of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
In the age of rapid technological advancement , a lot of medical breakthroughs are made possible .
Genetic testing is made possible and available for one 's decision to undergo .
It is able to detect the illnesses or diseases and even a child 's parentage .
However , it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives , there might have chances for them to have it in their blood , which they may do necessary precautions to prevent .
But , if it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease , most of the relatives will be disheartened upon having the knowledge about it .
Therefore , some carriers will have the opinion of keeping it as a secret .
This essay will discuss about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not .
Some said that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered as a personal information which should be kept confidential .
Most patients will be depressed after realising his or her conditions .
If one has a genetic disease after the test , he or she might not wish to inform the relatives as he might ended up dishearten his extended family .
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring in any pessimism into their family .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden of anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Hence , some seen it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease in confidential .
On the other hand , others may think that it will be considerate to tell the relatives because the latter will have a higher tendency of getting the same genetic risk .
Hence , they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to do some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases , given in the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the early stage .
Hence , with the knowledge of having genetic risk , the relatives of this genetic disease will do a medical check-up , which might save them in realising it at a earlier stage .
In conclusion , it will be considerate to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives .
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention , such as financial issue , everyone should be given the rights of knowing their family 's inherented medical conditions .
However , some think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about it and will continue leading a happy life .
In addition , some may think that even knowing about having genetic risk of the disease , it will just adding on to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it .
All-in-all , it depends on individual and also the nature of the disease , but he or she should be obligated to inform the relatives if there are possibilities in curing or preventing it .
Genectic testing is a personal decision , with the kowledge that there is a possiblity that one could be a carrier or not .
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even though if there is no risk at all .
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
For a genetic risk carrier , there should be choice given with regards to informing his/her relatives .
There should not be forced or obligied to do so , as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
With regard to this choice given , there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision making .
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child , then most likely the decision of informing the relative should be made with the consideration of the patients parents or legal guardian .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unaware of the consequences of such genetic disorder due to their young age .
Furthermore the act of informing others without the consent from their parents or the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Thus , much thought need to put on the immediate family as it could caused a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members itself .
Some family may feel hurt , with regards to their family pride or reputation , on having the knowledge of such genetic disorder running in their family .
However , there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives since it is a genetic disorder .
There might be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family tree .
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic disease is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevention towards the genetic disorder .
