It is also entire incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skill .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences amongst people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills on its own - some has it , some does not .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , in accordance of utilising tests , and ranked .
Fundamentally , those who scored lower ranking for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed .
Though social media need not be necessarily bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , family , friends .
The types of use must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The space of separation between the parties must also be looked at .
For people who are living very far from one another , the intensive use social media is justified .
For those who lives within the community should at least meet up , and not use social media as the primary source of communcation with each other .
And at the same time , improves the interpersonal skill , through dynamic practises betwwen individuals and realtime presence .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a better rapport between those interacting .
Recently , the rise of social media helped people to have more closer connection with each other , it is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face to face meetings .
In my opinion , social media websides such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chance for people to have face to face contact and thus negatively affects interpersonal skills .
On the other hand , it may even increase the chance of having face to face contacts amoung people .
First , social media networks have a lot user base , it helps to link people from different parts of the world .
In the days without the social networks , people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they never meet before .
Their number of people that they know may only limited to the people they meet in daily life like classmates and working partners .
Therefore , social networks brings more and more connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they never known before , and this helps to develop the interpersonal skills as well .
Secondly , although social network takes time for people to chat online but not face to face , they may still decide a time online to meet others face to face in the daily life .
In this case , the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talk .
For example , if social network does not exist , the business people need to meet each other face to face and it is other time consuming , even sometimes with business that is not so important , it still takes a lot time on travel which is a wastage .
However , social network helps people to meet and chat much more easier , they can even use video chat and create group chat to chat with multiple parties at the same time .
Nowadays , even some companies conduct online video interview with their applicants as it saves time and cost .
The social network may also creat some negative impacts for the people .
The largest negative impact is that due to the online network , some people start to use and rely on internet every minute .
They take too much time of using online social network and thus do not have time to have their daily meeting with people in their real life .
It not only affect the interpersonal skills but also bad for people 's health if the ones spend to much time on the social media .
Secondly , social network may leak certain personal informations to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe , people may not protect their privacy online effectively and sometimes , some people may use others personal information to deceive .
In conclusion , although the unsafe online environment , spend too much time on internet may be the potential negative factors of using online social networks .
It provides people with more convenient contact environment and improve the frequency of meeting with each others .
It also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chating .
Overall , there are more benefits than the costs .
The wolrd is incresingly becoming flat by all kinds of social network website such as facebook and twitter .
We can even know what a friend who leave thousands of miles away eat for lunch though these kinds of social media .
From some points of view , social really has a lot of advantages by let us communicate with friends cheaper and more conveniently .
However , its disadvantages also can not be ingnored when you cosider it as a platform to show off and a stage for cyber crime .
Social network sites provides us many convenience .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends through phone , we can know his of her latest news by scaning the webpage .
It can help us know more about each other .
It can make people become closer as well .
For example , if you find out one of your friend 's favourite singer is Justin Biber through facebook , you can give him or her Justin Biber 's new album or concert ticket as a birthday gift .
It will be really sweet and you two will surelly become closer .
In addition , social network site can help you keep in touch with friends living very far away .
I met some canadian friends in Egypt .
Without facebook , we may lost contact .
However , thanks to facebook , I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they are doing recently as we living close to each other .
The disadvantages of social network media are quite undeniable .
A research shows that people will unconsciously hide his or her real thought when he or her say or post something that will be exposed to the public .
It means that one can not know another 's real thought and personalities by reading things that he or she put on social network media .
It will make him or her quite upset when they communicate in real life .
In addition , with all those " nice " guys around on the social network website , one may neglect people surrounding him or her but just communicate with friends on facebook .
It is a common scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look at their cellphone .
This kind of behaviour is not good to people 's psychological health according to a research .
The cyber communication is quite different to face to face communication and people who depends on cyber communication too much will not get used to the real life communication .
In addition , cyber relationship can not always work in real life .
With no close relationship in real life but only close cyber friends , one is more possibly to feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others by our five senses .
With the willing of people to become the best among others , social network site now become a place to show off .
Some people will to post their expensive thing or the oversea places of interest they have been on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
It is a mental unhealth and it may trigger people especially teenagers to become material .
The last but not the least , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social network page , it is covenient for criminal to make use of this information to commit a crime .
Above all , social network site is like a two sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it by avoiding the possible disadvantages of it such as put less personal information on his or her facebook page .
The modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication to be faster than never before .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common within the contemporary society ; and , people can communicate with each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
They can even make new friends over similar interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world .
However , critics may argue that with the existence of social media sites have reduced physical human interactions among people as they will prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
This essay will discuss about both the benefits and down sides of using social media in the contemporary society .
Nowadays , social media are able to disseminate information faster than any other media .
There are about 50 % of the people who have learnt about breaking news from social media .
This is due to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time on reading newpapers .
Furthermore , with the current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have made easier for consumers to use .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediate to the people around them .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated are reliable .
There might be false information or hoaxes spreading around on social media .
For example , in 2012 , there were false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had spread through Twitter and Facebook .
This had caused panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this had resulted temporarily closed of schools .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information in a realtively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber polices who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security to control almost every social networking movement .
Social media are able to improve relationship and make new friends , provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .
In the past , people used to writing letters to their friends and it will take relatively long time to send the letter over .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up wth each other conveniently .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new friends find who have simliar interests or hobbies .
However , in order for people to maintain their relationship as well as making new friends , it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
In addition , there are also chances for people to miscommunicate with each other as they can not sense the tone of the other party over social media platforms .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between two parties over miscommunication .
But , if there is trust and mutual understand on social media , it will be ideal for people to improve relationship and make new friends .
In conclusion , social media in the contemporary society is able to help one improve relationship and make new friends , as well as , disseminate information efficiently to the masses .
However , there are risks of false information and chances of miscommunication .
Nevertheless , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of .
All-in-all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come in future .
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly ease long distance communication and interaction due to its accessibility and convenience .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interaction .
With just a touch away from any meida/electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle .
Thus , long distance relationship or friendship can be maintain and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of status of one 's personal feeling or experience and able to reply to these posts allowed human interaction to be engage and expand with ease .
Introverts or those who are shy to communicate with their friends are now able to do so in the form of words via social media platform .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms.Meet-ups and appointments are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
The society will adapt to such phenomenon as physical interaction are transformed into cyber interaction .
With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .
This will greatly help a society to progress rapidly .
Disadvantages : One of the main concerns of using social media platform to communicate is credibility .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed could not be proven physically as media limits this physical interaction , except when using a webcam to chat .
We can not be certain for sure the reliabilty or truth of some posts or information we received through the Inetrnet .
We may in actual fact communicating with a hoax Facebook acccount of a cyber friend , which we assume to be real but in reality , it is a fake account .
Photos and informations retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit certain personal agenda .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media restricts actual interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Although emocons can be used to show certain emotion , this differs from the real authentic emotion of your friends when you observed them through their body language and their facial expression .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical interaction .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interaction has affected human inter-personal behaviour since communication is made through social media instead of meet-ups .
This lowers the experience of human ability to interact with one another which can adversely shape one 's behaviour .
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans with not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
Therefore , for an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of both social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction within its people .
Nowadays , people can even use their phone to read news and everyone can be the first witnesses of what is happening in the world .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what is their friends ' recent activity .
Nevertheless , they still can use phone to do normal call and message to contact .
Not only the phone did the jobs for them , but also devices like personal computer , laptop , tablet , and many other devices which are able to connect to internet .
It is obvious to see that internet saves people 's time and also connect people globally .
Several arguments have been made regarding the social media actually have some inevitable disadvantages to people .
People can only use electical devices to access internet .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or internet .
Generally people need they eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
As a result , they will lose eyes to contact and hands to express their feeling to people nearby them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact communicating .
This can be easily seen in restaurants or cafes nowadays .
A family of four having dinners in a restaurant without any chatting , because their holding and looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
A group of friends having high tea in a caf é without chatting as well , because they do not know what to talk but pressing on their display screen .
The children nowadays do not know what is neighbourhood games and who is staying beside them , all they know is pressing icons on the screens .
These are some concrete examples of how the socia media reduce face-to-face human contact .
When people get use of using socia media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and lost eventually .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk .
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in face and not be trained in their conversation skills .
As a result , social media helps them do the jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media does have some other advantages beside their general benefits to human being .
First of all , people saves money by using internet to contact other people and reading news .
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in other country via socia media software instead of making international call which costs a lot to normal salary family .
He can even talk to her daughter face-to-face using video call via internet .
Secondly , people makes friends all over the world and able to update their friends his recent activity easily .
A guy who is going travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activity .
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has failed to contact him via telephone calls , he might be able to get his whereabout using social media .
These are the advantages that save works most of the time .
In conclude , socia media benefits people in several ways but in the same time harms people .
People should avoid the misuse of socia media and use it in the proper way .
With the aids of social media , people bonds globally , information flows rapidly , and human lives happily .
All of us are living in the technology realm society .
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
It started withthe invention of technology which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we travel by ship and now we can use airplane to do so .
In the past , it took a few days to receive a message as we need to post our letter and now , we can use e-mail which stands for electronic message to send messages to our friends or even use our handphone to send our messages .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier we can see that distance between us and our loved one are getting further apart .
This is because by the ease of technology such as airplane , some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies or even you are away from your family to pursue your studies or even careers in life .
Thus , this makes Twitter and Facebook become one of the medium that we need .
Nevertheless,everything in life has positive and negative effects .
This is applicable to these social media sites .
The next two paragraphs will be discussing about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society .
With the help of social media tools , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we are away from them .
Social media sites such as Facebook has allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
This approaches help the parents to communicate with their children and know what kind of activities that their children have when they are overseas .
The social media is beneficial as it connect you and your loved one even though you are separated by the distance .
It might not be able to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family but it could help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there is also disadvantages of social media tools .
One of them is that it reduce the level of concentration especially among the youngsters .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their facebook 's page as their friends will post something new every second .
Thus , you can see that some students will browse facebook while attending lectures .
This means that the students are not concetrating when they supposed to do so .
As a result , it could affect their lives and studies .
This will then could lead to stress as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they were distracted .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility of their own lives by making a right decision .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using social media sites , however in this case striking balance between social media and lives is the most important thing to do .
Nowadays , the use of the sociall media platforms is a commonplace in our lives .
In increasingly globalised world , such platforms even enhances and compliccates the links between indivduals in the world .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online , without having to travel to meet up for business purposes for companies or personal reasons .
However , it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world , resulting in some negative impacts in individuaul 's daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in societies as a whole .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .
As people feel more confident online where they do not have to face in real-life on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
This results in lack of interpersonal skills in individual , especially young students as they always have option to turn their back to the real-life and go online .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but have to face things in real life .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not realise how to interact people in real-life .
Another problem with social media is that , the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy is not relfected as something positive to the users .
The reason why it is so addictive is , that the more people get into the social media , they seek attention from their friends .
However , such sparks of sudden attention is extremely short-termed and gone eaily thus does not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
Also , according to a research , it has been proven that the users feel more sad after using the Facebook and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people 's lives .
But seriously , most people only post the happiest moments in their lives .
Social media definitely has some other strong benefits that make the users stay is the links among the people .
Indeed , I myself use Facebook just because of the friends ' contacts that I want to keep .
However , the friendship on such virtual world is so superficial which is not so relevant to the real-life .
Also , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the hugh human traffic on such social media sites , they make it as a pond to fish the customers by uploading many advertisements .
Furthermore this also possibly triggers the privacy issues as the Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
As this happens , users are more and more pron to any possible frauds .
Social media sites are at their peaks at the moment , however , I believe that when people realize that such sites are not making them better persons in real-life , they will not be indulged in it as much as they are now .
The users , soon , will realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with the their friends because , if they really need somebody , they will reach the friends no matter what .
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media , but do we really get connected or falling apart ?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people , from around the world .
The idea seems great , and nowadays most people even the older generation will have at least one social media platform like Facebook .
The parents are now the " friends " of their kids , and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and on real time .
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be connected with their so called friends .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced in face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
First and foremost , I would like to share on the advantages of using such social media in my daily life .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people from different background and at different settings .
We may meet only once but we exchange our contact numbers as well as facebook account in order to keep in touch .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , social media like facebook is a great way for friends from different field or even from different parts of the world to be connected .
Within clicks , we could check on the friend 's profile and read on for his/her updates .
On another hand , we could update our profile by posting on the wall and our friends could read up on the newsfeed .
This allows friends that may not have the time for meet up to still connected in a way .
Not only that , new friends can be easily met through such online platforms .
Hence , our social circle is indeed expanding .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be the cause that falls us apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time reduction on face-to-face contact .
This subsequently leads to the poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
For example , we tend send a birthday wishes when Facebook promts us " Today is someone 's birthday " .
In fact , we may have just forgotten our friend 's birthday .
We used to send wishes cards during festive season like Chinese New Year , and we feel so good to write one and of course to receive one with stamps on it .
Gone were the times , and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes .
As time passed , we may have more " friends " on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined .
In a nutshell , every sword has two edges .
The users of every social media sites need to strike a balance between the real world versus the virtual one .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of its impacts on the actual life that we have .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings but social media sites are only the tools to enhance it .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly used in the society .
I believe 80 percents of people plays social media sites .
These sites play the role of connecting people around the world .
It consists of the function of connecting , sharing , interacting and advertising .
However , there are also some disadvantages occur due to the social media which are concerned in the society .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life .
First , with the function of social media sites that connects the people , everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and families , or even strangers without any time and place constraints .
Through the social media sites , we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand .
There are over thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without travel to the countries .
It saves a lot of money and time as well as strengthen our relationship although we stay at different places around the world .
Besides that , company also can use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype to facilitate the meeting with parties of project from around the world .
Substantial cost is saved without the tiring travel from one point to another point .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in the other sectors which benefits company more and boost up the company 's profit .
However , there are two sides of stories always .
Some scholars argue that the usage of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between human .
Since ancient times , human interact with others face by face .
Without the facial impression , it is easier to misunderstand the intention of speakers .
That is why facial impression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
In addition , " social media sites will affect writing skills " , that is the point of view in society .
Based on the statistic report , the more of the writing skills will be reduced when the more time used in the social media sites .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forget how to write a word that we should know .
The auto correction software is so effective when using electronic device until we did not realize the importance of writing .
Writing is an essential skill of person who express their own feelings and opinions .
'Privacy ' , this is the word that popular in these few decades .
Human has their own rights and privacy .
I believe that most of us agree with these terms .
However , there is news about the social media sites leaks users ' information to companies with cash reimbursement .
Everything we type in the social media sites is recorded in the server and then transfer to the companies for spying and advertising .
Although it looks like no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want , you are actually wrong .
You are not only controlled by the government laws but also spied by the government .
In conclusion , everything has two sides of stories .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
To utilize the technology well , we should do our effort to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and next generation .
With the wide spread of advanced technology , social media sites are becoming more and more popular .
Getting connected on social media such as facebook and twitter has become a main trend as well as daily work nowadays .
