Also , this known information will help their relatives to make informed decisions and tosimilarly undergo genetic testingto find out about the outcome .
Thus , having the knowledge that such genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards their emotinal thoughts .
And if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically of the future outcome and aid them in making upcoming decisions .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it is been made known to them .
Having support from relatives are vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this illness and it will certainly provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards towards the future prospect of the genetic disorder which could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Therefore , the decision to inform relatives of such genetic disorder will be dependent of the situation and backgroung of the affected family , with the liberty of choice given to them in making the decision of informing others .
A person with a disorder , regardless of mental or physical disorder , is always easy to be awared by his or her families .
When things come to genetic issues , it is not that simple anymore .
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation by generation , but not all of the offsprings show the relevant symptoms .
Sometimes a family with potential genetic disorder risk may not be able to detect the potential harm inside their bodies as none of their members reflect any observable disorder symptoms .
As a result , in the case that when one of the members happen to feel uncomfortable or unnormal , he or she should aware that whether the disorder in his or her body is a genetic risk or not .
Afterward , the carrier will face a serious ethical issue , which is to reveal the problem to his or her relatives or not .
If the disorder symptoms reflect on a kid , the parent will be informed by the medics for sure , then the whole family will stay alert to their bodies ' condition .
On contrary , if the carrier is an adult , who has his own choice to choose whether to inform his or her relatives about the risk , that will be more complex .
One may think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves his or her family more than himself , there is no doubt that he or she will tell his or her family about the issue .
That is true and of course it is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
Think of the other way , if a child of the family knows that he has the risk to become a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might as well inherit to his child in the future , his whole life will be in a dilenma .
And of course , he or she will think of not having any child after getting married , and the same thought goes to the cousins as well .
As a result , the family generation stops by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
In China , the older generation with traditional culture background , will always think of having more children as well as grandchildren , to make the family liven up and stronger .
The reason behind is that after WOWII the population of China decreased dramatically and so the government encourage the people to give more birth .
During that period , if one of the family member reflects genetic disorder symptoms , he will fell in an ethical dilenma for sure .
The medical treatment technology during that time is not advanced enough to completely cure him .
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperity with a potential generic risk .
And so , he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the truth be mined forever .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by the others because they will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in the family .
In conclude , people should think carefully of what is the consequences of telling the relatives his or her generic disorder issue .
It is an obligation for a carrier to inform his relatives , but also an obligation for a family member to liven up the family .
Regardlessly , if the disorder is rarely to be fatal , or it does not caused any inconvenience to the carrier , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
In my opinion , the carrier should tell his or her relatives about it .
One of the reasons why is because as a carrier , she or he needs a mental support to go through with this situation .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on its own .
By telling to his or her family other than being a support , they could possibly help her to get alternative solutions to the problem that she is facing right now .
Other than that , I believe that the stong bond we have with our family is the biggest pillar of support to the carrier .
Furthermore , as it is a genetic problem , it will be better for the carrier to inform his or her family as other family member might experience the same thing .
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem , they could have a full check-up for themselves and it will be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves .
I find that it is important to inform especially if it is contagious , the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out to the society .
For every action there is always pros and cons .
I believe that some of the carriers will choose to not reveal their disease to the family members as they do not want to make their family members worry and feel uncomfortable or even feel ostracized by them .
Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lots of money for the treatment , the carrier might not want to be the burden in her family .
I could understand the feeling of the carrier .
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in thefamily .
However , we will never know whether this negative effects will happen when the carrier decide to tell his or her family of the his or her condition .
In conclusion , personally I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
The carrier should be honest with his or her feeling and I find that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on to his or her life .
If anything wrong happened to the carrier 's life , without informing the family members it could make a huge regret in their life if she leaves without them knowing about it .
On top of that , it is better to think about solutions for her problem with the family members as there are more heads to think about it rather than thinking about it alone and struggling on your own .
In the end , I believe that the support in terms of mental or even monetary from your family could help the carrier to fight against the genetic disease .
True enough that there are lots of cancer 's patient who were given second choice to live as a normal person as they have a strong mental support from their loved one .
In my opinion , as long as we keep our mind healthy and strong , we can fight any disease as they come to us when we are fragile and weak .
As the techonology has been advancing , it has reached a stage whereby the advancement triggers some ethical dilemmas in relation to the acutual use of the techonology .
Genetic testing has been made possible- it has become easy to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk through genetic testing .
If used for a good purpose , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness , however , it could also make situation worse by revealing who the carrier is , in the family .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives and I think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I belive that he or she has right not to know .
Firstly , genetic testing is not something that is compulsory .
Of course , some people may do it to make their futures slightly happier , however , the carrier , before the testing , can choose not to go for the test and simply live with unknowns and accept the facts .
If he chooses to live in the uncertainty that the gene holds and willing to accept it , he could do that , and it has been something that is 'normal ' to everyone in the past as gentic testing was not possible .
It could rather be better for him or her this way .
Some people might say that it is a form of prevention of giving birth to disabled lives and making them suffer in real-life .
I personally think this ist he right purpose of going through the genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid do not have to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer .
However , I belive that the carrier has right not to obligate to tell anyone but has responsibility to take an action to prevent any ethical dilemma .
If the result turned out something that the carrier can not accept then it would have been better not knowing the truth .
I belive that even the carrier has the right not to know the true fact .
After realizing the he or she is tshe carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly causes a problem in a family due to the fact and creates more unhappiness int the family .
Overall , I belive that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face it with relatives but he has no obligation to tell still .
In fact , I strongly think that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking the genetic testing and tak an appropriate action to the results .
The emotional depression that the carrier might get and the sense of guilty can be more than expected and could be a burden in mind for the rest of the life .
On the other hand , without knowing any genetic disorder and accepting the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the diability .
I think the family will stay mentally healty as it is , without having emtional stress .
Debates have been around for years , that should a carrier for a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be informed to others , especially close family or relatives , is the topic that worth discussing .
This is an issue need to be addressed as family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
In this essay , few arguments will be pointed out in the support of view for any carrier of that known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family and relatives , with them welcoming us to this new world .
We were crying hard but we are not alone , it 's our family and relatives that grow us up .
Hence , they should be the people be grateful for and the people we would like to share the joy together .
However , in the case pertaining to any health issue or to the extent of serious disorder , it may seems no point of sharing but this involves more than just sharing of bad news .
One definitely has the right to disclose his or her health issues to anyone , but it 's also one 's responsibility to inform the family and close relatives .
As the case of health issue is related to genetic risk , with keyword on " genetic " which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation .
Therefore , I would agree to that it 's obligated for a carrier of known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives to avoid any family-related ethical dilemma that could be raise up in the future .
Despite one may argue that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such health issue or to bear it within him/herself , it 's certainly helpful to share with close relatives , for a proper discussion for solutions .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful in facing such disorder risk .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more caring towards the carrier of a known genetic risk .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such disorder risk .
On top of that , as the genetic risk may pass down to next generation , thus it will involve more than just one family .
It is therefore I would agree for the obligation of telling the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan for giving birth .
This would avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemma .
There are more intangible advantages that could support the stand of informing the relatives once the results are known after the test conducted .
In conclusion , in order to avoid the family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives .
The benefits of doing so are able to outweigh its disadvantages .
More supports must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing of such junction whether should him/her to inform the relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
This is the common law in the society .
However , it leads to a new problem that " should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
" This issue has been discussed for a long time .
However , there is still a diversity of point of views among the people .
Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue which is " should or should not " .
Firstly , I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below : " I will be anxious about my families when he or she told me that he or she was a carrier of a known genetic risk " .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers does not want to tell their families are to continue their own life without the anxious of families .
It is obvious that there will be better for one person to be worried than many .
However , many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges oneself .
With the families ' support , there must be more energy to fight against with the demon .
Demon is not easily to be defeated and it is required much of energy and psychological support .
Families give you the courage and support which you can not retrieve by yourself .
That is the most essential elements to overcome the challenges .
Besides that , the risk of the known genetic is very serious that it can not be described .
The seriousness can be larger than our imagination .
Lying on the bed for the remaining life , and even die immediately , these are the consequences which we can not imagine .
Families are our dearest in our life .
Without their concern and support , we are hard to stay until this time .
They play the important role in our life which can not be substituted .
A known genetic risk can also affect our next generation critically .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences .
Generally , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier 's families without the agreement of carrier .
It is the ethic of staff in hospital to keep the secret of any patients .
We can not blame them that they are liable to the undesired consequences .
However , hospital can provide a councilor to advice the carrier about the action can be taken .
Therefore , this kind of circumstances will not be happened again and again .
It is a method that benefits two parties which is a win-win situation .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk is encouraged to tell his or her relatives about the known genetic risk .
However , there may be some special case that is hard to be defined .
Thus , advice from hospital plays the important role for this .
Carrier is responsible to balance his or her own interest and the benefits of family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make but with the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and families in the future .
With the risk of being genetically disorder , many individuals have done the decision to undergo genetic testing .
With the nature that the results will be known once the tests are done , each individual that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier face an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives about the risking of being the same genetic risk carrier .
Or they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed .
