We really appreciate this .
However , we have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show .
The show is on Tuesday the 14th of March , from 10 oo to 19 oo o'clock in the Central Exhibition Hall .
There will be shown the latest fashions about leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles .
This is a great opportunity for us , because we haven't been ever before in this kind of show .
As well as this , the entrance for students is free .
As you can see this is the best time to go there .
We have some suggestions about how to change the programme .
Instead of visiting the Science Museum on Tuesday we could go there on Wednesday afternoon and instead of going shopping on Tuesday afternoon we could maybe stop at some places during the sightseeing tour and buy there something .
To sum up , this is a really great opportunity for us and I do n't think that the changes are so big .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerelly
The man is a being that need to live close to other human beings and to create a society around him .
As well as this he needs his own free space and privacy .
This is also important to him as friendship and family
In our society some people are treated like animals in the zoo by the press .
Just because they are famous and well known to a high number of other people .
The newspapers print everything about them .
The yellow press is searching for every little information they can get .
The photographers are chasing these people , just to take a picture of them on how they eat or with who the meat .
The photos will be on tomorrow 's press and so rumours are born .
On the other hand the people have choose to walk on this path .
Everything in life has a price .
The price for fame and money is the lost of privacy .
First of all you have to give up something for getting something else .
However , the press should n't create rumours and hunt those people like animals .
As well as this , the stars should n't complaint at any time about their fans and their lost of privacy .
They wanted to be famous and the had known the price before .
The fans and the press are those who have made them rich and famous .
Dear Sir or Madam !
I 'm writing to you because of the musical show " Over the rainbow " , wich I visited on Friday the 16th of June in your theatre .
There are several points I have to complain wich made the evening not nice at all .
At first the show started much later than it was written out .
Instead of half past seven the show startet at quarter past eight . I could n't go to have a refreshment because of two reasons , the first one is that there was no information how much time the start of the show is going to be late .
The second reason is that the restaurant of the theatre was closed because of building plans for the next two month .
After I waited for about 45 minutes the show suddenly started but I had to realize that the main actor Danny Brook , who was the reason why I went into the show had been traded by an other actor , who could n't sing as half as good then Brook .
On your ticket information is written out that discounts are available , when I ask at the ticket reception I could n't get any discount for beeng student .
To make an result the evening in your theatre and the show was very disappointing and not like promised .
For these reasons I want to ask you to get my money of £ 25 back .
reasently
Miss. Winkler
What is the prize ?
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
He did n't want to say what Sarah just had told him , it just came over his mouth , when he talked to James .
" Sarah has won in a quiz show ? " James was more than just interested , he wanted to know what she had won .
But Pat made a promise not to tell anybody about the quiz show and he already had told enough .
After one hour the hohle class had heard about Sarah 's secret .
Everybody was interested in what she had won but knowbody wanted to ask Sarah because it was told in a secret to them .
Sarah realized that everybody was nice and friendly to her but something was going on in the class , when she turned around a talking and wispering started .
Suddenly , she went to Pat and asked him did you tell anybody about our secret .
Pat told her everything .
Sarah looked at him for a while , than she stood in front of the class and explaind to the others , that she won a prize for 20 people to travel for 1 week to the sea of southern France and everybody of the 19 pupils was invited , except Pat who was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Manager of the Circle Theatre
17th June 2000
Dear Sir ,
I am waiting this letter re fearing to the show " over the Rainbow " you presented the 10 of this month .
I read your advertissement five days before , and I was realy impressed by it .
But , the quality of this show was n't what you let understand , an I feel realy disappointed by it .
I want to give you some details about my feelings .
First of all , you presented a starring composed with Danny Brook , but he was n't there !
Secondly , the show should start at 19.30 , and in fact it started 45 minutes late .
Then , I am a student , and when I bought my ticket , there was n't any discounts .
Finally , I hoped that I could have a diner in the restaurant after the show , but , to make my totally disappointed , it was closed , and I had to find another restaurant at 22.00 .
So you can imagine how I am satisfied by your pretending " Perfect Evening " .
For all these reasons , and if you want to keep me a costumer , I would be gratfull if you give me some or all my money back .
Looking forward to hearing from you ,
Yours sincerly ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
My marks was n't good enought to obtain my degree in Computer Science , and the exam session was finished .
There was no solutions to finally obtain the diploma .
You need more explanations about me to understand my motivations at the end of this story .
In fact , I did this kind of studies because of my interests in programming .
The problem is that I ca n't keep calm during an exam to succeed .
That 's why I decided to hack the teacher 's computers to change all my marks .
I never talked about this project to anyone , exept my best friend Pat .
At the end of the exam session , all students and teachers meet together for a big party , to celebrate it .
During this party , Pat drank too much .
And when he was totally drunk , he started speaking .
Then , the teachers made copies of their file , and my project was n't possible anymore .
So congratulation everybody .
And I think I will still be there next year .
Dear Mr Robertson ,
Many thanks for the programme you have organised .
It is really interesting and diversity at the same time .
There is just one thing I want to tell you ; Janine and Richey have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure show and we all would like to go to the show .
That is in the central Exhibition Hall , near the hotel , and it is only about fashion : latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles .
I think it could be very interesting and it is free for students ( what is really good ) .
It is a great opportunity because this show is only each two years and normaly it is difficult to go in .
And , as you know we all are interested in fashion .
In my opinion , I would suggest to go to the show instead of the National Art Gallery because we could go there another time .
Or , going to the show on wensday morning and on the afternoon , we can choose between free time or National Art Gallery .
I look farward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
I went out of the room , ran as much as I could and started thinking what this man was doing here and who he was .
When I arrived in the street it was dark , windy , but I could see a shadow at the corner of the opposite street .
By the time I arrived here , he has disappeared .
Suddenly , I felt very tired and decided to go home .
My sister was standing , crying and showing the front door .
I took her in my arms and opened the door : my mother was sitting in a chair , reading a book , with blood all around her .
I finally realized that she was dead .
The police arrived twenty minutes later , took my mother and checked to see what could be interesting to find the murder : lucky , the knife which he used to kill her was still here and in fact they could arrested him .
They found hime two months after and six months after he was in jail .
To forget everything , I moved to Irkind with my sister in a small house in the countryside .
Everything was going on , when one day , I came in the house and found my mother sitting in a chair reading a book , with blood all around her .
Dear Sir
I write a letter to complain about your advertisement about the musical show " over the rainbow " , wich is misleading in a number of way .
Firstly we arrived at 19.15 to be in time for the show , which should have started at 19.30 .
However it started at 20.15 and we were all very disappointed .
Furthermore , it 's written in your advert that Danny Brook is in the play and that was one of the main reason to why we went .
Imagine how disappointed we got when we found out that he had been replaced .
Besides , when we wanted to buy our tickets we were hoping that the discounting was available .
Unfortunately , it was n't and we could n't afford bying everyone a ticket .
Finally , after the show we had planed to eat diner at the theatre restaurant and we were very disappointed when it turned out to closed .
Therefor , as you may understand I 'm asking for a refund .
These kinds of misadventures can easily ruin your reputation .
I look forward to hearing from you
Your sincerely ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets and the rumours describing me stealing soon reached the director 's office .
I was send a letter in which it was written that the director wanted to meet me and my parents .
Sweating and affraid I waited out side the director 's office the following day .
I was unable to image what would happen to me if my parents knew what I had stolen .
' You may enter ' said the director .
Tairs ran down my face as I admitted having stolen .
I was suprised that my father did n't watch me but I soon understood that he was ignoring me .
Mother , on the other hand , looked at me and seemed both disappointed and betrayed .
During the trip home non of us spoke .
We just sat calmly waiting for this nightmare to be over .
The same evening my father pronounced a few words : ' May this be the end of your thief career we are only ready to forgive if you promiss never to start again '
Dear Mrs Ryan ,
I am writing to answer to your letter in which you told me I won first prize in our competetion , which is two weeks , I was very happy with this result since I did not think I could win .
First of all I would like to tell you that I will be able to travel only in July because in the other months I will be too busy with my work .
In the second place I add that I would prefer an accomodation in a tent , even though it is not very comfortable , because I want to put myself to the test by living in a condition I am not used to .
Besides this , in connexion with the activities we will have the chance to do , I would like to inform you that I choose swimming and tennis because I am quite good at both , especially at tennis .
In addition to this I would like to ask you which kind of clothes and how much money it is necessary to have , since I am undecided about it not knowing the cost of life in California .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Yours Sincerely ,
Marino Rizzo
The aim of this report is to suggest which activities of our daily life at school shoud be filmed to give the other students the idea of what we usually do not only during the lessons but also the rest of the time .
Most of the students agree in saying that two are the main features of our daily life at school which should be filmed : it would be very funny to dwell on us working and speaking together without the help of the teacher to show our efforts and sometimes successful and sometimes ridiculous and also to film some amusing moments we spent waiting for the teacher .
A little percentage , on the contrary , said it would be very useful to film the teacher when she is explaining us something important , to give the idea of the real life in our classroom . which is the most .
Mr. Manager :
The porpouse of this letter is to complain about my experience with the musical show " Over the Rainbow " , wich really disapointed me .
First of all , there were no diccounts avaible as it said on the anouncement so I had to pay the original price wich was n't cheap at all .
Then , I was forced to wait fourty five minutes to see the show because it started at 20:75 in stead of 19:30 and when it finally started , I was really disapointed to see that the actors were n't Danny and Tina as it said on the anouncement .
Finally , when the show finished , I could n't visit the theatre restaurant because it was closed for repairs .
So , as you can see , it was n't my perfect evening out at all that 's why I demand you to send me my money back .
Your really unsatisfied costomer
How has modern technology afected my daily life ?
Since the begining of human life , people have invented ways to make their life easier .
That is not difference from now .
We live sorrounded by inventions wich help as through the day .
From the vehicle we use to move faster to the light bulb we use at night , we constantly depends on these inventions to be able to make the things we have to do .
That 's why modern technology is so important in our daily life , because it helps to make our life easiest and to do what we have to do faster so then we can use better our time .
Warsaw , 13th of June 2000
Dear Mrs. Ryan ,
I am writing in response to your letter which I received two days go and in order to answer all questions I was asked to .
First of all , the only month I will be able to visit the U.S.A. is July due to the fact that I have already arranged another trip for August .
Second of all , I would prefer to live in a tent .
I am used to this kind of accommodation since I have been taking part in survival camps for a long time .
As far as the activities are concerned , I have chosen sailing and surfing .
The reason of my decision is that other activities are availiable to take also in my county , except climbing , but I have fear of heights so this one is not destinated for people like me .
Furthermore , I would like to ask you some questions .
What type of clothes should I take and how much money would be enough ?
Is this a kind of " all inclusive " holidays ?
Thank you in advance .
Yours faithfully ,
Ursula Sobczak
Warsaw , 13 June 2000
Dear Kim ,
I think I told you about my plans of entering a group that helps at concerts , did n't I ?
Well , I took my chance and I was chosen to help at Michael Jackson 's concert .
Amazing , is n't it ?
The event took place a month ago in the Rock Stadium .
There was about 100 000 people .
We had a lot of things to do .
Acctually , they put me very close to the stage , in the middle of the real hell .
Many people fainted and some of them , the most serious cases , had to be taken to hospital .
The biggest problem was connected with some foreigners who could n't speak Polish or English and we did n't know how to help them .
Despite this fact , the atmosphere was terrific .
After the concert many people lost their way home , mostly foreigners who did n't know the buses ' schedule .
We had to order taxis for them as they did n't have mobile telephones .
However , they were very nice people .
I did n't manage to meet Michael as I had expected , but apart from that , I really enjoyed time I spent there .
You should also try .
Best wishes ,
Ursula .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing to complain about a musical show which I 've seen recently at your theatre .
There are several reasones why I was n't satisfied with it .
Firstly , it was written in the advertisement that a famous actor Danny Brook would play in the show .
Despite it , a different actor stared in the performance , which was really disappointing .
Secondly , the beginning of the show was 45 minutes later than it was supposed to be .
Thirdly , no discounts were made when I was buying the tickets .
Lastly , the theatre restaurant was closed after the show .
That evening was n't my perfect one out , although it was promised to be so in the advertisement .
This is the main reasone , why I want to ask for a refund .
In my opinion , this would be quite fair .
I 'm going to visit the Circle Theatre this Sunday .
I hope I 'll get at least a part of the money I 've paid back .
Yours faithfully ,
Fashion of the Future .
During the centuries man 's clothes has been changing and even developing in some way .
People wore clothes made from metal , which were rather heavy , I suppose .
They wore enormous luxurious dresses , which , in my opinion , you ca n't feel very comfortable in .
Nowadays people wear more common clothes .
I think we can make a conclusion : during the centuries man 's clothes have been becoming less heavy and luxurious and more common .
People 's clothes have been changing from metalwear to shorts and miniskirts .
That 's why I suppose , that man 's clothes will be becoming more and more light .
I think , they will be made of universal materials , which will be rather light and thin .
People wo n't be embarassed to show the beauty of their bodies .
Perhaps , clothes will be rather small .
I think , that different tops and mini - skirts will become more popular .
Maybe , people will create something even smaller than that .
Who knows what will happen in the future ?
Perhaps , metalwear will become a craze again .
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan ,
I am very happy to have won the first prize of the competition , and I am going to clear up some details you asked me in your letter .
Firstly , because of my school exam , I would like to travel only july .
Moroever , I have chosen this month because I think the weather will be fine .
At Camp California , I hope I will be in tents because I like very much this kind of style life : I love the contact with the nature .
On the other handDuring my stay in Camp California , I want to go swimming because I practice this activitie regularly and I often do competitions : this is one of my hobbies .
In addition to this , I wish I am going to sail : I have never try it , but it seems to be great !
Finally , I have two questions more : I wonder if I can change my french money in the Camp and what kind of clothes I have to buy before coming ?
Yours sincerely .
Didier Bovie
Dear Kim ,
As you asked me in your last letter , I am going to tell you more about the last month 's pop concert .
Firstly , I arrived five hours before the begining of the concert in order to help the musicians to move the material from the van to the scene .
As soon as all the conections was made , we tested the nivel of the sound : I found it too loud , so I advised them to regular it , and they listed to me !
Then , there was only one hour left to install the differents color lights : it was just enought time .
Thus , it was a fantastic afternoon because I like very much music , even if I do n't play any music instrument .
Moreover , I learnt a lot about music , especially concerning the way of using an instrument .
Consequently , I hope I will play an instrument in the future , especially because the group promises me to help me to learn any instrument .
See you soon .
Best wishes
Didier Bovie
Dear Mr Robertson ,
On behalf of my class , I am writing to request few changes in our London programme which has already been planned .
My friends have seen an advertisement which is the London fashion and leissure show .
it will be held on 14th March .
We have decided it would be more interesting to see the latest fashions , make up , hairstyles instead of going to do shopping .
We would suggest gong to this fabolous show .
it is also free of charge for students .
We will be given a great opportunity to have fun and look around in London .
We would all thank you for the organised programme .
I apologise any inconvenience that this cause you . We would be pleased if you could make a new arrangement in your programme
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours Sincererly ,
CAN YOU IMAGINE THE NEW YOUR HOUSE ?
We spend most of our life in our houses .
We like them show our life style and of course feel ourself comfortable .
I can imagine in the future how it would be ?
It would be much technological or far less complex . it could be as simple as we think .
but the imagine of the life style depends on person .
On the other hand , it would not be changed .
Somehow I could say that the main appliance would remain the same working structure .
