Without any thought , I ran quickly like a swallow .
Then , he tried to go over the wall , I held his leg .
He fell down and we had to stare at each other .
After we fought for a minute , I was able to arrest him .
As a result , I could go on vacation .
When I said to my mother , she asked me not to do it again .
But , I was a police - man .
Therefore , I had to do it in spite of it being dangerous .
Dear Competition Organiser ,
I am writing to replay your letter and to ask more details about the competition .
Firstly , I would like to say that I 'm very glad to have been choosen and I will do my best for this competition .
As you asked in the letter , I would like to travel only on july because I work at the central library and I 'm also having English classes , so I will just have holidays on July .
Is it suitable for you ?
As you mentioned about the accomodation , I would prefer stay in the tents , because it 's more exciting and I really love camping .
I examined all the activities that you listed and I was disappointed to have to chose just two of them because in my opinion I 'm good in almost of this activities .
However , I would choose sailing because I am facinating with the sea and it 's misteries and I also like the watter , the wind in my face ...
The other one I would choose is basketball becouse I 'm tall and very fast with the ball .
Finally I would like to know what kind of clothes are we supposed to wear there , and about the money we are supposed to pay for food and things like that .
I 'm looking forward to receiving your prompt replay .
sincerely
Clara
Dear Kim ,
I am writing to tell you some news and to ask a little bit about you .
First of all , I 'm going to tell the good news .
Last month , I went to a pop concert with four bands .
It was unbelivebly ! ! !
Although it was 5.000 thousand people there , people could walk and dance without any problem .
It was very well organised , the shows started in the exactly time and the group were well performed too .
I have contributed to the concert selling some tickets to my friends .
However the success of the concert , at the end of show some full gays started a big confusion and some people get hurt .
It was depressing ...
Finally , I would like to know some news about you , What have you done ?
Be you studing a lot ?
Please write me a letter as soon as possible !
Love from
Clara .
Dear Helen Ryan ;
I have just received your letter which is made me so hapy . I can not belive that I won first prize in your competition , because I always belived I am an unluky man and now I think somethings are changing in my life .
I would like to come in July , because I am studying English and we have one month break at July , so please make my log cabin ready by july .
I prefer stay in cabin because I have some experience with tents from my childhood and it was not very good experience therefore I would like to stay in cabin .
You saying in your letter I could do two activities from the list which is show many exciting activities .
I will definitly chose Basketball and Swimming wich are the my dream sport .
I used to be play in school team when I was in high school and our team was the one of the best Basketball team in all county and I also very good at swim .
I would like to ask a few things , specialy wheather : how is the weather in July in the U.S.A. What kind of clothes I will need and how much money I should take with me , Because I have never been U.S.A. before and I do n't know anything
I am looking forward to your reply letter .
Your sincerely
I have never enjoyed doing shopping , but nowday some people are calling shopcholic .
They are just like alcholics and this people are every day doing shopping because they can not stop themself unless they have not got money for spend .
I can not believe how they doing this things every day , even when I need something at home I alway try to find out something to use instead of that things .
Because nowdays whereever you go there is big queue and I hate being waited .
The queue is not only the problem if you go by car there is parking problem , if you go by bus there is again queue and you have to carry many carry bag carrier bags during the your journey and you wo n't be alway luky to find a seat to seat .
If you go shopping for ( buy ) clothes that is the worse kind of shopping .
Specialy if you want to buy with your girlfriend or if you are already girl you have to be read for hours to spend try on and off .
I realy hate go shopping with girls to buy clothes because when they went into a shop they want try on every single cloth and they do not realise to time .
Some people says " shopping is not alway enjoyable " but for me definity unenjoyable and I think it will be same rest of my life .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing with reference to the musical show I saw last week in your theatre .
I hoped that it would be the most excited evening during my week 's holiday in London .
Unfortunately it was n't .
I would n't like to be unkind but I must say that the advertisement for the show included a lot of false information .
First of all , when I had bought the ticets it appeared that there is no discount available .
Secondly , I must complain that the musical show started almost an hour later and in addition to this anyone did n't excuse .
Moreover I would like to ask why Danny Brook , which is my favourite actor , did n't play in the show .
Furthermore I would like to enquire why the theatre restaurant was closed .
Finally , I must say that I had a very disappointing evening and I would like to get my money back .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Your faithfully
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
I wish I had know it two days ago ... Exacly on 15th June we were at the birthday party .
Dora wanted me to come with Pat because she was in love with him .
I really like Dora and Pat and I just wanted to help them to be together , but it was n't such a good idea .
I thought that if I said something specific about her he would look at her in a different way .
Well , I forgot that it 's just a boy !
I should n't have told him that she was a virgin .
It was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was stearing at us .
Yesterday I discovered that he told everything to Marl and Tony .
I really regret that I was so foolish .
The most horrible is the fact that my friendship with Dora seems to be on the rocks and I do n't know what I have to do to overcome the difficulties .
Mr. Manager :
I am writing this letter to you because when I went to your Musical show I had a very bad time .
Firstly when I went to the show it was writing that the starting time was 19.30 but it started at quarter past eight I had waitted for fourthey five minutes .
Secondly the stars were going to be DANNY BROOK and TINA TRUELOVE but different people came to the show .
It was the first time I was going to go to a musical show but I guess it will be the last one too .
Anyway after the show I felt hungry so I went to the restaurant but it was closed because they were having the inside altered .
And as last that was the worse night I had ever had so I asked for my money back but they would n't give it so I had an argument with the people Who worked their but I could n't get my money back .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Because last year I started smoking and nobody knew that I was smoking but one day as I was smoking at the back of the school some one came next to me and I noticed that it was Pat .
She saw me as I was smoking so that was n't going to be very good .
She said that she would n't tell it to anyone but I knew she might say it to someone so I always was with her very minute ever second .
But one day as I was walking home like every night I saw Pat at the front of our house door talking to my dad .
I just knew I could n't have trusted to her but as I went in the house my dad offered pot to stay for meal I was in a schock thinking why is n't anyone getting angry to me after a while we sat for dinner and Pat just talk my parents that I was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry .
I could n't go out of the house for a month so now I know how Pat is and ca n't keep any secrets .
Dear Mister
I 'm writing to you to complain about the musical show you present at the moment : " Over the Rainbow " .
As my husband is a native and we live in Switzerland , we apreciate to pass a week in London every year .
We are keen on theatre and musical show .
Your theatre is known to present excellent spectacles .
We were never disappointed so far and especially enjoyed " The Drama " you presented last year .
Anyway we had a very disappointing evening .
At first , we could n't get any discount , although you mention it on your advertisment .
And the only tickets left were at £ 20 .
Then the spectacle began 45 minutes later than mentioned .
Last but not least , Danny Brook was replaced by a different actor , whose name I probably forgot because of his poor performance .
Afterwards we are used to eat at your restaurant which is not only well known for it 's good price value but also for it 's original decoration .
Therefore I ask you to give use £ 20 back , because the two tickets were not more worth .
I 'm looking forward to hearing soon from you .
yours faithfully
Unfortunately , Pat was n't really good at keeping secrets .
The following story will prove it .
I left the office at six o'clock .
I was free as the air .
My husband was following a course all the week in Berne .
The kids were by their grandmother , who take care of them .
I drove to Ouchy where I took a drink .
It was so hot , I decided to go for a swim in tutry , although I had n't any swimming - clothes .
I knew a good place .
I parked the car and went ten minuts .
As I had planed , the place was deserted .
I took my clothes of and swam twenty minutes in the lake .
Coming back , I noticed that my clothes were missing .
I walked back , hoping I would n't come accross anyone and be able to drive back home .
The car was missing too .
Unfortunately a police car drove by and the policeman saw me standing there nude .
They drove me to their office after having given me use of their shirt .
There I called Pat who picked me up .
I felt so miserable that Pat laughed seeing me .
Of course she told everything to my husband .
If only Pat could keep secrets !
Dear Jane Clark ,
I am writing to thank you for providing International Arts Festival .
It was absolutely great idea .
However , I would like to give some suggestions for next year as I have read the advertisement .
Firstly , could you invite stars and artists from more than only six contries ?
In my opinion , it might be better to have time with variety nationallites .
Secondly , the music concerts were very exciting and had a lot of fun , but some concert halls were too small to enjoy them comfortably .
Thirdly , I am expecting to watch more films and plays which were impressive .
Lastly , it could be nice to students who are interested in arts , if you help special events , for instance , song contest , writing competition or dance lessons .
To sum up , I hope the festival is developed next year with excellent reasonably - priced ticket like this year 's .
Yours sincerely ,
PART TIME JOBS : Find in your place
Do you need money ?
If you do , make sure why you want to earn money .
That is very important to find a way for earning and saving money .
Probably the best way you can get money is to have a part time job in your spare time .
I am recommending you to check your possible time to work - weekdays or weekend ? - before you request a job .
If you just decide to work , you 'd better to find a job in your place .
Firstly , go to your school or local council .
They will be able to help to find safe and suitable jobs for students like you .
Secondly , as your family or friends .
As they know about your interestings and personality , it is easy to help you .
In my case , I could get a telephone researcher part by my friend 's reference .
In conclusion , do n't forget that a job is just spent in your " spare " time .
That 's it !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to make a complaint about the show ' Over the Rainbow ' .
During my stay in London I went to your theatre to see this show .
As it is said in your advertisement , the show is starring Danny Brook but there was different actor .
It is not the only problem .
The show had to start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 .
You promised that there will be discounts , but when I came , I found out , that they were not available .
I wanted to go to your restaurant .
I invited a friend of mine and promised her that we will go there .
And what I found out .
Your restaurant was closed .
You promised that if we go to your show we will have a perfect evening .
Everything was just vice versa .
I am very disappointed , that is why I am asking you for compensation .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was not very good at keeping secrets .
It happened at the end of school year .
My class was going to a night disco and I wanted to go there too .
I asked my parents if I could go , but they did not let me do that .
I tried to persuade them , told that nothing will happen to me , promised to do all housework .
But all they have done is told me that I am to young for it and I can go there only when I am 20 years old .
I had such a desire to go to the disco , that I decided to go even without parent 's permission .
I told my secret to my best friend Pat .
But she told it to very kid in school , even the teachers heard it .
It occured that one of the teachers told my parents about it .
At the end I was punished and stayed at home for two weeks .
I understood that I must keep my secrets and do not tell anybody , even the best friend .
Dear Mrs. Jane X ,
I would like to make some appoitments about the event that I had been .
First of all , the concert hall is too small to have a great concert .
I think should be bigger for jazz , rock or still classical concerts .
Secondly , I had some ideas for the next year events , such as :
- Funny plays and films to spend the break time ;
- Dance shows after dinner to have something interesting to do in the night ,
- Art exbitions to know more things about artist 's lifestyle ; and
- talks by writers to say how good is his latest book .
In addictions , the ticket 's price is too expensive and difficult to buy another one every day , so , I think is more effective if was one reasonably - priced weekend ticket for all events .
In conclusion , I hope will be better next year if these points was observed for the each year the event to be better than before .
Sincerely
How are you ?
It was nice to receive notices about you .
I remember these time in our class when us talking many time about rules and I am missing that time so much .
Well , about rules in my contry , is not different than another countries .
The rules must be respect for all people if you do n't want get out from scholl .
You must to be organise , clean and respect the right of other people ..
Dear The Manager of the Circle Theatre ,
While I was staying in London for a holiday , I went to the Circle Theatre to see OVER THE RAINBOW in the evening .
That made me feel disappointed .
First of all , the actor was different from your advertisement .
I meant he was not Danny Brook .
Secondly , it took times to wait about forty five minutes , because it started at 20:15 .
It should be on time at 19:30 .
Then it had no discounts , which the advertisement said so .
Due to being a student , I think I should have got the discount from your ticket with ID card .
Besides this , the theatre restaurant was early closed .
As soon as the show ended , I went to there for having a dessert .
Lastly , I do n't think that it was my perfect evening .
I would like to get my money back .
I look forward to replying from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Griffin , who is a teacher , was n't surprised at our preparation .
It was so close to be on his birthday , so we made a decision to hold a small party for him .
She has just learnt with us for three weeks .
She is not talkative , kind , and reserved .
However , this party she took part in , she was responsible for preparing food .
As far as we knew , she 's good at cooking .
While she was choosing vegetables in a market , she came across him .
When he asked her ' why do you choose deliberately ? ' , she answered without thinking .
That caused the secret disclosed .
We did n't blame her , because we knew that she did n't intend to do like that .
Although he was n't surprised , he was glad and pleased with our party .
Anyway , Happy Birthday to Griffin , again .
Dear Jean Clark ,
I recently spent two days at your Annual International Arts Festival and I am writing to express my opinion about it .
Firstly , I think the International Arts Festival is a wonderful idea because I have the opportunity to enjoy different arts events .
But it is also true I could just see stars and artists on stage from only six countries , not stars from around the world as you announce in your advertisement .
Secondly I really enjoyed the jazz and classical concerts in spite of the fact that some of them were taken place in too small concert halls .
Thirdly , all the plays and films showed were interesting , In my opinion you should include some more films and plays in your festival next year .
Finally , I think it was a good idea the fact to buy only one ticket for all the events since I just spent the time watching and enjoying all of them .
I look forward hearing from you .
Your sincerely
Dear George ,
Sorry it 's been too long since I last wrote but I 've been so busy at school that I could n't answer you before .
As you tell me in your last letter you were talking about rules in your class and you want to know about school rules in my country and also what I am allowed to do at home .
First I must tell you that teachers are strict at school .
We are n't allowed to eat in the classrooms and in addition to this we must sit down in individual desks .
We ca n't chat with our classmates .
How boring !
At home everything is quite good , mum and dad are great but there 's one main rule I must tell them were I go and what time I 'll come back .
Granny is the problem she 's a bit bossy !
She usually tells me what to do and what kind of clothes I should wear but I do n't care about it .
I really must get down to some homework now so I 'll stop here .
Give my love to your parents .
Write to me soon
Dear Mr Robertson ,
I am writing to you as a representative of the class about the 3-day school trip which has been organized for next week .
First of all , I would like to thank you for the excellent organization of this trip which seems to be very interesting and useful for the students .
Especially I believe that the visit to the National Art Gallery will be a really exciting experience for all of us .
All the students are enthusiastic about it .
However , some of them have read an advertisment about the London Fashion and Leisure Show , which will take place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on 14th March .
