Tonight I read and corrected many diaries .
I might be make a mistake when corrected English .
But I think it 's good way to learn from my mistake .
Thai
I tried to correct Thai language for who wrote in Thai .
It 's also fun to read Thai writting from a non native speaker .
English
I started to practice my English since I 've started my journey aboard .
And realized how language could help you know more people .
Reading English language make me feel very happy .
Then when I went to Japan .
My English could not help me
anymore .
I am impressed my life at there very much .
I only told them in English language .
It would be good if I could speak
.
Japanese .
I could not writting Japanese or understand .
Japanese culture is interesting but Japanese people is quiet ,
It 's difficult to know what are in their mind .
So I started to reading japanese book which translate to Thai language .
I do n't want to take Japanese class .
It 's might be boring .
So decide to learn by nature . . . viewing Japanese anime
and remember Kanji which I like ^ _ ^
.
I learn a lot from Japanese food . . .
Japanese food is available every corner in Thailand .
Coincidence
I think a birds of a feather flock together .
The otehr day I met one of my classmate in high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .
She is a teacher as well .
I 'm English teacher .
She is teacher for walking and posture .
What a coincidence .
We had small talk ( short talk ? ) there , and left .
When I started to walk , I thought I want to talk with her more !
So I shouted her name and stopped her .
We exchange our contact info and decided to meet again very soon .
We met two weeks ago , I felt strange , because we did n't meet each other for many years , but we have many things to tell each other .
Plenty of things to talk , but not enough time .
We should n't sort people into level , but I believe we are living in same level ( same category , same world ) .
That 's why we could meet again !
Spain !
I had to endure a long long flight to get to Spain .
Changing planes , it took nearly 15 hours in total from Nagoya to Barcelona .
Each seat has a small TV screen , with which we can see movies , listen to music , play games and you name it .
I do n't like watching a close screen so I killed time reading something .
It was really wearing .
I will write details about my trip tomorrow .
The catcher in the rye
Today , I read `` The catcher in the rye `` as a summer homework .
To say the truth , I could not understand why this book is thought a masterpiece .
Because I did n't feel bored when I was reading it , but I was not so excited or moved .
But I like the characters in the book , because they are very characteristic .
If you had read the book , please tell me which part you think interesting .
21 . 12 . 2012 * * * I 'm university student .
Hi , I 've started lang - 8 .
I learn to speak English and find friends here .
Whe do n't you become friends ?
I 've lived in london since 2005 - 2008 .
but I cant speak English . . . ( ; _ ; )
so please teach me English ! !
I 'll graduate the university in 2012 .
Now , I 'm doing job hunting .
so I want to exchange information about job around the world .
concert tickets
I called for refund the Park Yong - ha concert tickets .
I heard send money by registered mail by August 13th .
Culture of shames
Foreign medias admire that Japanese people are behaving calmly , organised and in a supporting .
But it 's common for we Japanese .
We think that having trouble others is very bad thing and shameful .
Every parent want their children not to have trouble others .
Japanese have grown rice which need to help each other in the community the past .
So getting along with people in the community is very important .
When parents scold ill - mannered children they use the same phrase `` I 'm too ashamed to face people . `` Though this phrase is not so common to young parents , this ethics is in Japanese gene .
Hello World
Hi everyone !
This is my first post here .
I 'd be glad if you correct my mistakes .
By the way , it 's Christmas morning .
I say Merry Christmas to you all .
Thanks a lol .
Day 74 : I lied today .
I did n't know why I lie but at that time I was blank I = out .
It was a job I seeked from the news paper .
Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .
I am still go to the place and try my luck .
When the auntie ask me what kind of pass I am holding .
I felt totally nervous and words came out from my mouth : I was a student and holding a student pass .
Many of my friends went to work .
She has no doubt at me and told me to go tomorrow to meet the other people ( maybe is the HR staff )
I was going to afraid what am I gon na do tomorrow . .
Having a job here is good .
But for me I am more focus on learning the experience through working and communicating with others .
By the way , the job is really a short - term job ( seller ) , which is only last for two weeks .
And I am having my long holidays here .
Twilight
Today I saw a movie - Twilight .
I like this movie very much !
I 've seen a lot of movies and cartoons about vampires .
But some of them make me feel disgusting .
There are always so much blood , people are so thirsty .
But Twilight is different .
Edward was cute , he cared about Bella .
And Bella was a strong girl .
She was n't afraid of Edward .
Sometimes I think being a vampire is good .
They do n't need to sleep , they run fast , they are sensitive .
But they ca n't eat food !
Aha , so I ca n't be a vampire , I like food !
We are the champions in Asia !
Yesterday , Japan national soccer team played against Australia .
The game was the final of Asia Cup in 2011 .
Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .
So I thought most of the Japan members are tired and the game is very hard for Japan team .
As I thought , the game was very hard for Japan .
The game was into extra time two times in a row from semi - final game for Japan .
However , at 110 minute , Lee , who came off the bench , got the goal !
He became `` the Cinderella boy `` , or the hero , overnight .
I 'm very glad to win Japan team !
Love Karaoke
Do you like singing songs ?
I like very much .
Today , I went to a karaoke box with my son and naighbors .
I sung so many songs and brewed my stress .
My favorite karaoke songs are Seiko Matsuda 's .
Her songs are easy to sing , familiar with many people and rytmycal .
I had a relaxed time .
Today I might fall asleep soon .
Good Night !
GUITAR
Maybe I got a guitar to my father long ago .
I mean . . .
maybe he 's still its owner .
I do n't know but I often use it more than him . . .
so . . .
Anyway , I practice `` change the world `` .
Do my best !
it is rainning today ~
it is the season of cherry trees in japan now .
all most japanese people have loved them for a long time .
there are some reason why we love it .
the time from bloom to falling is very early .
it is like human life .
and we can enjoy drinking ^ ^
it is a lot of fun to drink seeing them .
Headache
Today I was uncomfortable .
I 'm headache , tired and no appetite .
Sleeping all day untill I had to work .
I 'm afraid I got H1N1 .
I hope the symptoms will dispear when I wake up tomorrow .
> <
Shanghai friends
The day before yesterday , I hanged around with one of the chines friends .
we went to JINMAO OBSERVATORY88 .
it was rather high building .
After that time , while seeing landscapes , I could know about the basis of chinese politics .
Do you know me ?
I am a hero .
But I am a robot who is handled by remote control tool .
fourtunely , That one is a boy with justice .
So I called The hero with justice .
I am called `` tetuzin 28 go `` , means iron man No . 28 .
But you should think once more .
If remote control tool is taken by evil person .
I am a really hero with justice .
PS .
Where does he stands ?
hint : in Japan .
I went to Okinawa ! !
I went to Okinawa last month with my son and my boyfriend .
Okinawa is southern part of Japan so it was hot there .
We enjoyed snorkel !
We went to the beach which is at an desert island near Naha .
I felt like in dream because the sea was so beautiful and a lot of fish .
And We went to Okinawa Prefectural Peace Memorial Museum .
I think that we shoud never happen the war .
We should never kill another people .
friend 's birthday
Today was the day of my chinese friend 's birthday .
She is the 26 years old woman and work for travel agency .
Besides , she is pursuing model career in Japan .
We met night club in Tokyo .
Dreams is different , but I think we are similar in terms of pursue own dreams .
I feel like her a sister .
I wonder what I give her present , so could you give me some advice ?
Foreigners baby
I can meet foreigners if I go to city in Tokyo but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigners baby .
It 's only adult or childs that I can meet .
I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .
I could met a foreigners baby at supermarket .
He was so lovely .
I had been watching at him and his dad talked to me .
He 's living for 10 years in Japan so he likes to talk with Japanese people .
He wants to learn Japanese skill .
I think our language skill was even .
He wants his baby to speak Japanese so He 's learning Japanese everyday .
T .
G .
I .
Friday !
Recently , I 'm fascinated with a TV series named `` How I met your mother . `` ( Though I do n't watch it on TV but the Internet because is has n't introduced into Taiwan .
)
And thank God it 's Friday night so that I have time to watch the newest episode .
This sitcom is talking about a man named Ted telling a story about how he found his true love to his children .
Well , however , Ted has n't seen the `` lucky `` women from season 1 to 4 .
Ha ha !
My favorite character is Barney which is not only a successful businessman but a humorous friend of Ted 's .
He always make his own theory about life !
: - D
Except the humor in the series , another reason why I love this sitcom is that I am looking forward to a close , meaningful relationship like the one between Ted and his friends .
Hope our TV station can bring the series into Taiwan soon !
A second date
Today , since people turn out to be more and more rational and have higher demands about the opposite sex , alone with an open mind about dating which nurtured tons of different reality dating shows .
Some of them are really funny , but some are absurd .
I believe one of these shows is a romance killer .
This show features with `` Parents dating Guys `` .
The process is like this , the girl 's parents will meet the guys first , then they will make the decision for their own daughters who is not even on the scene , by the way , about whether should give this guy a chance to go out for a date with their daughters or not .
Ridiculous ? !
Dont understand why so many people are into these stuff , I deceided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style .
A date which can exude both parties ' warmth and charisma .
Sounds a lit bit tricky ?
Haha , I just did it in the easiest way , chose a good restaurant , put two nice people together and let them talk !
Without audiences , love judges , parents , just a friendly and private atmosphere which allows them to be theirselves and enjoy the moment .
Last night was a second date I arranged for my friend and hopefully they can work things out !
Crossing my fingers for them ^ _ ^ ! ! ! lol
play two roles
I 'm a business worker weekday and a student at graduate school 3days in a week .
I enrolled the school in this April .
Hard home work is required sometimes , but it is funny to get new knowledge and thought .
In the business , I challenge a task that I have not ever done .
this is also very valuable for me .
Meeting the Challenge and Grasping the Opportunity
Without fail where there 's great need , great hearts and minds rise up to meet the challenge .
Two mouth later , my professor will take some students to Ohio university in America for a month .
But who wants to go there , he must pass the exam and the interview .
Going abroad is my dream , so I really cherich this opportunity .
It is a good chance to strengthen my knowledge , boarden my horizon , and enjoy the foreign customs , and also realize my dream .
Without any means , what I can do now is to improve my poor English , speaking more , listening more and reading more and so on .
In my opinion , it is a difficult process to overcome myself , but I must insist on and keep on making it , whatever how difficult it is .
Once you make up your mind , so persevere in doing it .
Yangyang , come on , you can do it .
Yes , you can .
Er . . . but how to start ?
Got the gold medal .
I have been looking for correct my English diary .
Today , I finally found nice site .
I was suprised when I found it . I have been study English for 2years . Because I want to make a lot of friends all over the world .
Yesterday , Kitajima Kousuke who is a breast stroke swimmer , he got the gold medal .
I was excited , He marked new world record . He got it the second time .
He moved to tears when he won .
He is smaller than other people . But he did it .
