I love citrus fruits .
And I 'm eating a banana every day for my health .
The banana is gather in my stomach and gives me energy .
My dog !
I have to make a newspaper in English as my summer vacation homework and I decided to introduce about my dog on the news paper .
So , please somebody correct my English !
I will introduce about my dog , Tiara .
She is cheerful and plump pretty dog , perhaps she is the cutest dog in the world .
She 's a golden retriever and she 's 8 years old .
Her fur is beautiful amber and soft .
She is little stupid , but has perceptive insights about food because she is always famished ^ ^ She loves food !
When she has had her food , she always prances around the living room merrily .
And she loves basking too .
She usually lays down near the big window and basks in the morning sun .
When she is basking she looks very comfortable .
RAIN
It is raining in Tokyo .
It has not been rainy for a week ,
it makes me happy .
Usually , rain makes me unhappy ,
however , I hoped rain because it is too hot .
Anyway , today will be good day .
thank you for reading .
A New Hair Style of the Wang
I saw a news on Yahoo yesterday .
It reported that Chien - Ming Wang cut his hair and had a new hair style .
Here is the link .
URL
My English translation of the title is `` Wang changed a new hair style , but Jeter sucks it `` As long as you are a Chinese , nine out of ten you will think that Wang matched the new style very much , and that his new style is very handsome .
However , the news mentioned that Derek Jeter think his hair was really a damn .
The different values about handsome among cultures are very interesting .
I have seen an article on TIME .
It talked about there is a big difference about different values of a handsome man between Western countries and Eastern countries .
It mentioned many examples of Japanese men , Korean men and Hong Kong men .
They paid much attemtion to their faces and also spent lots of money to shop .
But in Western countries , the standard of a handsome man depends not on their faces , but on their masculine symbols , say , muscle and behavior .
I started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past days by watching TV programs , such as Friends , Srcubs and etc .
I found out that the clothing and the hair styles was very different .
About clothing , the western men dressed mostly very simple , and about hair , most of them do n't have a fringe at all and their backhair were short that no hair cover necks .
If they had a long hair , it will be really long and thick .
By contrast , men in eastern countries most dress up .
Except a shirt and a jean , we usually wear an accessory .
As to hair , men usually have a median hair , neither very short or long .
If we want to cut a very short hair , we must leave some hair on the back of neck in order to avoid looking like a nerd .
If we want to have a long hair style , mostly it will be light and especailly long on a fringe or backhair .
Oh my god .
I make a long entry again .
It almost cost a whole morning .
I have to watch the NBA final game 3 .
Hope you will not feel bored about this diary and help me for correcting it .
I like you give me any commets and opinoins too .
I really like to discuss .
My son have diarrhea
When I came back home from working today .
My son have diarrea .
It was like a warter and son 's hip became red .
Tomorrow I will go to hometown .
We are ready to go out .
But we cancei that .
What a pity !
But a no way .
Listening to music
I am listening to music with the commuter train .
Today , I listen the music , it looks like in the cafe .
For example , `` Lovi ' n you . ``
I want to speak English .
So , I listen the English song .
Come fast next season !
I don ` t like winter .
It is very cold .
I like warm season .
so I like spring .
Spring is very exciting season .
New life , New meets ( friends ) , New meets ( oneself )
Japanese school , work starts spring .
I hope to get any quarifications in english .
I hope to get my new promotions .
But that isn ` t postopned .
Everyday starts new thinngs to try .
Self - introduction
Hello everyone ! !
I 'm Gen - Mai .
Gen - Mai means unpolished rice in Japanese .
I 'm called Gen - Mai by my friends sometimes .
. . . No , extremely sometimes .
Since today , I 'm going to try write a diary ! !
Today is nothing specal to write ! !
See you tomorrow ! !
Bye !
Hello !
until yesterday I was very busy so I did n't watch dvds .
I hooked on the American dvds .
The title is `` closer `` .
Before that I hooked on `` Alias `` .
Jennifer Garner is attractive women so when I watched making scene , I felt drawn toward her .
I think Amercan drama is a good study but this drama is very difficult .
Doing for relaxation
I got a foot masssage today .
It 's kind of Tai - wan stayle massage .
I loved the massage shop where I went because the staff of the shop explains what is wrong in my body .
They said I 'm cold - natured and have poor blood flow .
In addition , the staff said correctly that I had problems with my lower back and my neck .
I was surprized at finding my health condition from my foot .
After that , I went to a fittness club which has bedrock bathing .
I feel relax to take a bedrock bath ^ ^
. . . but now I 'm very sleepy . . . zzz
cow tongue
I 'm went to Sendai to business trip today .
The special product in Sendai is a cow tongue .
I bought it and ate at home .
It was very delicious .
I want to eat its cow tongue again .
wake up !
I was woken up by my daughter today .
The daughter was woken up by my wife .
Who woke her up ?
The wife was woken up by my stertor .
hahaha .
BBQ
Tomorrow I 'm going for BBQ ( I 'm sure this expression is wrong , but I do n't know how to say it ^ ^ ; ) in the river .
BUT !
Where to do it and when we should leave is not decided yet !
( I know that a long subject is not good in English , but how can I rewrite this ? )
Can you believe it ? ?
This time we leave everything to my friend , but I 'm kinda person who do n't feel at ease unless everything is perfect .
So , even now I feel nervous , wondering if It ' really going to be held .
Am I busy ?
I am a person who enjoys her own leisure time .
