I impressed very much .
Icy , Snow - covered Trees
Today 's pictures are icy , snow - covered trees at the top of Mt .
ZAO .
They are illuminated during night .
They were very beautiful , and they looked as if they were large creatures !
The top of the mountain was very cold although I worn a snowboard wear .
I hope I wo n't get cold . : )
Wish You Happy In Paradise
I was really shocked by the death of Stephen Gately .
I just listened his Boyzone 's brilliant song `` No Matter What `` on the way back home .
Stephen is cute and brave but now he is gone .
When I was in junior high school everything seems boring and no meaning , also I did poorly in study .
One day , I was failed to pass the examination .
At that time I have no place to go , parentes hate a underachieved me but suddenly a fair - sounding floating to my ear ' I ca n't deny what I believe I ca n't be what I 'm not ' I was astonished by the voice and lyrics which cheered me up .
Your lovely face look like a ray of hope .
Wish you happy in paradise
Pay attention .
With knowing comes caring , with caring there is an hope that we can find an enduring place within the natural system that supports us .
An environmistalist said in TED .
Oil has been flooding in the gulf of Mexico for three months .
There has been only 15 days without war since human being started recording of history which means uncountable people have been killed and killing at the same time .
On the other side of the world , a great number of people live in less than 1 dollar .
Apparently , the world is lopsided .
All of a sudden , I am wondering how many of us believe we know what 's going on outside , watching lots of news as CNN or New York Times play out .
Whether things they play out are plausiable or not , one thing we need to know is that when you try to know what is true , you might be able to help anything that can chage the world in a baby step .
Pay attention .
Diary 2011 / 7 / 6
I 'm building an algorithm of computer program even when I have a dream in the night , because I 'm doing computer program all day long .
It was n't correct algorithm , it 's like a block puzzle .
I 'm piling that blocks up or sorting or something .
I went to Tokyo to work in Japan . - - - Part - 6
For 10 month , I studied Java and Japanese .
It was particularly so very difficulty to study Japanese .
( It was very hard to study Japanese . )
Really , I though `` could I do make it ? ``
Sometime , I felt frustrated and despairing .
Softball
On next Wednesday , the economics seminor softball match will take place .
I have hardly played neither baseball nor softball , so I practiced today after school .
I had played for 7 years , so I like almost all sports .
However , the experience of volleyball is not always working well for softball because of a form difference .
Anyway , I 'm really looking forward to playing the game ! !
I start to learn English by Lang - 8 .
I am a grad student .
I must to read a literature , which wrote in English .
So , I start to learn English for the first time in a decade .
Board Meeting
I will have a board meeting tomorrow .
I am an auditor of the construction company .
Today Japanese construction industry faces serious crisis .
I want to improve this situation .
about reading books
when someone ask me , what 's your fovorite things
I 'll respond like that `` my hobby is reading books , ``
in fact , most people who are fill out their blank of Hobby ,
is not really love to read books ,
but I really enjoy reading , , not only books , but papers , articles ,
and magazins ,
to read some sentenses is stimurate my Brain ,
maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )
haha ,
thanks for reading and fix wrong sentences , ,
ps : if you have another more good expression what more use in native comunity and more naturely , I want to learn GOOD sentences , ,
All day working !
Today is a busy day for me .
I have a all day working .
It 's means that I have to work from 9 : 00a . m . to 10 : 00 p . m .
Working in a bookstore is busy but exciting .
You can learn a lot of things , like how to use a kind of pen , and meet a lot of people , even they are not always very kind .
I have to work now .
It 's too short in break time .
Be leaving
How time flies !
I will graduate from this college in two months . my major is English teaching , and I have got a job as an English teacher in a middle school .
Now the only task is to finish my thesis .
Is it real that I have to leave this college in two months ?
Oh , how wanderful the college life is !
I do n't want to leave this school and to be a teacher .
Once you get into the society , your life won ' 't be simiple as that in college .
I have n't been prepared to face all the things .
Because it is such big change in my lifetime .
Anyway , I will cherish the rest of my college life .
The four years ' college life will be a colourful and precious memory for me forever ,
We may win a trip to NY !
I 'm participating in a university contest involving some tests ( I do n't feel test is the best word . . . can you think of a better one ? ) , all about the Millenium Objetives stated by the UNO .
After each team submits its proposal , there 's a week for the people to vote their faouvorite on the web .
After that , a jury scores / rates each one , and so the winner for each test is chosen .
There 's a final prize for the three ones scoring highest at the end of the contest : they all can enrol for free in a postgrade major course ( or a language one , if they have n't finished their career ) .
Additionally , the first team get to travel to New York !
We won last test , and each of the components of our team got a mobile phone .
As I had just bought a Motorola Milestone ( the european version of Droid ) , I gave it to my father , who 's actually very happy with it , since it 's a cute small nokia with wifi .
We go firsts now , but since they try to give one prize to a different team each time , we expect the jury to make the ones who go third win this time .
But we still hope we win at last and visit USA ! !
Wish us luck : )
At Tokyo Disney Resort ! ! !
I went to Tokyo Disney Resort in February 8th and 9th with boyfriend .
In the first day , we went to Tokyo Disney Sea .
We rode many attractions and we did shopping in a lots of kind shop .
My favorite attraction was Indiana Jones .
I recommend it !
In the second day , we went to Tokyo Disney Land and we appreciated Cirque du Soleil .
We enjoyed Mickey 's Philhar Magic .
It is new attraction .
On the other hand , Cirque du Soleil was so impressive show .
We excited the show !
We enjoyed so much this trip .
I want to stay more ; (
Please correct this sentence .
Today 's lesson
Today , it was really cold .
I 'm sick of spend in cold weather every day .
I love Sommer .
I 'm eagerly waiting for Sommer come .
Anyway , I went to english school before work .
Steeven tought me today .
We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .
It was really nice .
It was hot today .
the weather got hot nearly , becauce the air conditioner of our office was broken , I could n't study at office .
but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day
Shinkansen
URL
I 'm proud of Shinkansen .
This is the symbol of a lot of technologies in Japan .
Last month I rode a Sanyo Shinkansen train .
I was surprised at the quiet of the Shinkansen .
I was able to read a book comfortably although the train ran very fast .
yesterday I saw weather forecast
yesterday I saw weather forecast which informed that today will rain all day long .
As soon as I woke up this morning , I checked outside .
I opened window but it was not rain .
It was warm fine day .
During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .
I think we have one of the most powerful computer in the world at that organization but they know nothing .
There was 90 % which expect the rain today but they were wrong .
I was shocked at their disappointing work .
I 'm busy .
Tomorrow will be sports day of my daughter 's school .
After that , we will go to my mother 's home .
We will have Buddhist memorial service for my father .
I 'll return to home in Monday .
See you later !
Street live !
I play street live at every Saturday .
It play on station near .
I am get meeting to many people by street live .
I studied many things from there .
For example . . .
Courtesy , Gentleness , Inclemency . . . there still .
Last Saturday , I play street .
Then I get courtesy .
I was very happy .
In the future , I want to sing for Gratitude .
Thank you .
The test for mobile system engineer
Next month , I 'm going to take the test for mobile system engineer .
The examination fee cost $ 150 .
I think that it 's very high .
So I want to pass once .
I want to work hard ! ! !
lost property
I left my umbrella in a train this morning .
I went to the lost property in the station after work .
The station stuff searched records by computer for my umbrella and found it .
I 'm glad to took it back .
Early Morning
Today I woke up 7 . 30a .
m , because I have to go the ANZ bank to get the saving card .
I will move to city this Saturday .
We need book a car and my friend kaan a Turkey guy help us to move the baggage .
We should note something what we need .
This is a busy morning .
There are many things I should do .
Japanese tea ceremony
My Japanese friend sent me some tea things of Japanese tea ceremony last month .
I learned Japanese tea ceremony lesson one time a week for three years befor I come here at Japan .
I liked how to make the greentea and friends who I have became friends .
And the teacher was so great to teach us .
I was enjoying to commute this class .
Now I want to drink this greentea sometimes .
I know it 's thick and bitter .
So today I made greentea by simply process .
After I mede it , I drunk the greentea .
What bitter !
It was so bitter for me .
Why I do n't remember this taste ?
I wonder !
But I 'll make the greentea again .
I 'll send a massage for my friend . . .
PLEASE check my mail X (
[ I 'm so sorry . . .
I could n't send you mail sooner .
You know , The earthquake was too bad for my family .
The tsunami destroyed my mother 's country ( home ? ) .
But , My gran ' ma is safe .
And my cousins are fine also .
: )
I wanted to see them .
However it was too terrible to live .
( There was a power failure until now . )
I pray for them it make a comeback to normal life ! ]
Someone help me !
What 's the difference between `` french fries `` and `` fries potatoes `` ?
Ca n't I say `` fries potatoes `` ?
Is this wrong ?
The history of my learning English
I started learning English in the first class of my school , when I was six years old .
In Russia this language is an official program in all schools .
You can choose from three : English , French and German , but English is the most popular .
When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .
But my mother allways says that it 's just a pretextes and nothing to prevent you if you have a purpose .
When I was thirteen , I changed schools and started to learn in a gymnasium .
Here all was different , and the teachers too .
In the first lessons of English I did n't understend anything - the teacher did n't say one verb in Russian .
It was horrible !
In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .
I looked for every verb in the dictionary and cried . . .
But several times I passed my exam with `` excellent `` .
But my grammar now is just pre intermidiate .
Then I learning english in the University .
I do n't know why , but it 's VERY hard for me . . .
I was the worst in my groupe ( the worse group in course : ) ) But then , little by little , I started to talk in English .
3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !
And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !
Because it very important ; I 'll never get a good job without it and I 'll never understand a half of a beautifule sites in the Internet !
And I lake to drow in Photoshop and Illustrator , and many other things !
PS .
Somebody , who learning Russian , and all who wants to talk with a russian girl - lets talk by the skype !
A visit to Huang river park
Today , my whole classmates and I went to the Huang River Park .
Huang river is the second longest river of China .
as its name , the water is very yellow carrying lots soil .
It was little cold and windy , so the air is stale .
I was regrateful that I wore a new clothes , when I came back it full of dust .
The river is very long , I ca n't see the limit , and the water is peaceful .
Everyday learning !
These days my lovely boy is getting naughty .
He is crowling everywhere as his instinct tells .
When he gets silence , it is dangerous sign to me .
He is chewing something really dangerous .
Today he chewed a piece of kleenex .
He would almost be stucked .
I noticed it because he coughed .
I put my fingures into his little mouth , and pull it out .
While I was washing the dishes , he did it .
I tried to keep an eye on him on doing house work ,
but it happened only in a few seconds I did n't see .
Everyday he is growing up little by little , step by step ,
and everyday I am learning how I deal with his can - do things .
Spring vacation is coming shortly !
It 's been a long time since I wrote a diary last time .
My university started on the January 8th , but it will finish shortly .
How fast time goes by !
When spring vacation comes , I have to study English harder and I 'd like to write a diary everyday .
I 'm so happy if you comment on my diary .
Oversleep
