The worst thing was to find it out at the airport .
I had never felt so nervous !
Environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
There are company so much , they make our life polluted .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do anything such as propaganda to the people in the country, ... about my village , we use banana leaf stead of nilon , garbage desposal sensibly ... and so on .
we should clean our area to attract visitor and introduce to many other countries in the world.let protect our lung
Hi today i 'm gon na talk about myself .
My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 years old .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) .And i 'm in grade nine .
I have 9 sisters with me we 10 .And 9 brothers .
I really love to learn English lounge & French lounge spinach lounge .And I speak Arabic .
My dear Daniel .
Are you studing mathemathics for your exam ?
I hope you pass it with a good grade !
I just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .
With all my love
Victoria .
Dear Sir or Madam
I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .
I 'm a happy , energtic person who likes to work with children .
I love young children .
I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .
Bye
Marisa
This summer happened to me several things , I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best was when I went to a wedding because it was the event that more memories bring me this summer .
We got there at five o'clock , we had not yet reached many people , so take the opportunity to give the gift that was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new , as the bride loved .
Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave , it was a long day but a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I 'll take a quick shower .
After school , I 'd like to eat fresh fruit .
I am keen to run during the night time .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
Once upon a time , there was a monster on the city called " Michenstain " .
Michenstain was a very tiny city that was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
Monsteration was a very lively monster he always migrates to the north every Monday .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all the architecture from the city , and a lot of bad things .
One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .
All the people did n't know what that was , so they did n't care about it .
But when he arrived to Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It was in the midnight when arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .
He was spoiling all the crops from the people , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster , in other words , he was convert in other monster body .
He was completely different ; it was impressive the way he was acting .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I thing that it have no cure , it was called " The Monsteration Infectations " .
( On those times there were diverse monster , but none of them was like him ; he was in the number 1 rank of the monster in destroying things . )
The scientists are trying to make a cure for the Monsteration Infectations , but they still do n't have it .
In their laboratory , they have a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
They had to isolate the chemicals to the formula to have the cure .
Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team in their iPods .
The scientists that were doing the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences like English student for many years .
I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .
I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activities for that reason I have taken some English courses many years ago .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
Currently I 'm working like teacher at the university and to teach in English have been my gol .
I 'm a teacher in chemistry and math too .
I work too like free lance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my incons .
I 'm writing now without knowing dictionary and making this composition without traduction from Espanish ( I hope jajaja )
I 'm sure I 'll have many mistakes but I feel good because I must write and write and write I need to improve my English level . I must not fell bad if I want finally learn English very well .
I hope you can help me undesrtand more about how improve my English level and develop my skiils
Thank for you attention , and I 'll wait for your advaice , ( that is my first time writing over 50 Word )
Milton Morales
I like workout on push up bars .
it is impossible not to love doing sports activity on the fresh air .
If you want to start working out you should be ready for big load on your muscles
On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .
In the afternoon I went to my dance classes .
it was fun because we learn a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
On Friday I went to the mall with my family .
I bought one sweater and two jeans .
Later I went to the book store and bought three books ; " legend " , " wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
On the weekend I stay at home . I start reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing , I was laughing a lot because the things that the characters said .
The other things I do were sleeping , ate , and watch TV .
The next day I went with my friends to see a movie .
We saw " if I stay " and I loved it .
The movie is about a teenager named Mia that had a car accident with her family .
Her father and her mother died before they arrive to the hospital .
Mia survive but she is in a coma and she have to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
Later in the week I pass the day drawing .
I draw a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
The next days I did n't do much .
I just sleep and watch movies at home .
The day before I start school , I do an investigation for literature class .
This was what I did in my vacations , I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacations .
Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .
I 'm from Mramorak .
Serbia is my country where I live for 24 years .
If you like and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .
Maybe you can bring some money and spend it on something fun .
Best wishes .
Mirko .
As per the today topic " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that please be patient my English is not too good as you readers think .
So , lets start ,
Most of the Metro cities are now days attract people of city towards Metro only not just because of the fare but because of the time that it saves .
Now these days public would not like to travel in the public Transport to save their time as well as money .
Metro is good for even health of the people as no pollution and all because it runs on electricity and also it connect most of the city as Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
Other than that public transport is also not good for Natural resources which is not good for the future of the country .
If you visit Taiwan , you will never miss the temples here .
There are so many temples here .
So , now there is a chance for you to pretend the god .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitate the faces and pose as gods " .
In here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
Curious ?
Just come and give it a try !
I think pay expensive tax on personal car can reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order solve the traffic problems .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy car with expensive tax , so people must use the public transportation , such as bus , subway .
The public transportation will rich , so they can build more station for suburban and more public car to carry this .
Therefore traffic will be batter .
Dear sir / madam
I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .
I am 29 years old , originally from Brazil .
I am an English student where I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed on the FCE which is a well recognised certificate .
In 2010 I graduated in electronics engineering .
From June to September of the 2013 I worked for a tourism company , my position had involved take after of groups of people going to England , this previous experience makes me suitable for this job announced .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and engaged .
I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .
By applying for the job offered I am willing to work in all different sorts of job , I do not matter which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
To sum up I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my application .
My faithfully
Alessandro Costa .
I think public transport is very important .
there is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
a plane may take about 16 hours .
a car may take days or months for the same distance .
I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable mind take a reference to their hobbies - reading .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
