If we are working with sameone in the same jobs , and who lives near or he is our neighbour , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oil .
The governents are also important for taking care of the environment .
They should have healthy habits and with their examples they can improve the habits of the population .
I love sports but I did not get much opportunities to play a sport . I born in a village in India , my parents are farmers like most of other villagers .
The only play ground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rock and not good to play any sports .
When I was a child I help my father on his jobs after my school .
We bought television in 1888 , after that I became a fan of cricket .
I was watching most of the matches .
Sachin and Ganguly was my favorite cricketers , I love their batting .
A MISTAKE
It was summer holidays and Michael 's family was in the airport waiting impatiently their flight to Mexico .
That was a special family it was so big ; his father has 6 brothers ! , so he has 17 cousins counting his little sister .
In total they were 32 pelople , a white kittie and a dog .
About 10 minutes later they started to get bored , they heard a girl calling they to enter the plane .
The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .
Michael used to have a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't liked that .
When the big family get out of the plane , they realize that they were wearing too much clothes , it was boiling ! !
There they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm .
the family was walking around the luxurious hotel .
SOme minutes later they designate how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
Michael finally ended with the last one he would like to ; Tom .
That night , the dog , the kittie , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
When Michael get up in the morning , he realize that his kittie had disapeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
He thought that the dog had eaten the kittie during the night , so he shouted to Tom , open the door and went away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
One of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .
It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
The service is really great .
The waitresses are helpful and smiling .
You feel like you are at home !
Warm candle light and small tables with patterned table clothes create friendly atmosphere .
The dishes are n't very expensive .
i believe it is suitable for our class
So , my favourite sport in the present time it is street workout . I have been exercising this sport already long time .
I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside below zero .
Of course , in summer I like to exercise more than in winter but this do n't stop me .
I do n't know myself why , but I almost every day go on the street in order to exercise .
If It is very coldly and windily outside , I do n't worry about it and I 'm exsercising at home .
For those people , who want to start to exercise the street workout I 'm advising to start with basic exerscises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
That everything basic exercises and they will help you will do a good start up .
After some time when you will be feeling that you are ready for more , you can start to study more difficult exercises .
So , it 's my first attempt to create English text !
I dare say what I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
But now not .
What 's the reason ?
Because of mind .
I was n't satisfied with your behavior .
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences runs in my head , but how to write it down correctly ?
How can I use to use it ?
How can I force my kids to do his homework ?
How can I explain them ?
Michael is a handsome and kind person .
He lives next to his family 's home .
Michael got married his close friend since only one month .
But his mother hate his wife and always shout at her .
Unlike his wife respect and love his mother and never complain to her husband these bad situations .
Michael 's only fault that he is a mamma 's boy .
For he always defend his mother and always the wife is the responsible one .
His wife decided , because she loves him , to forgive and apologize for her mother - in - law .
One day when Michael was out for work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .
Moreover she fired her without her mobile or money .
His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood on street waiting for Michael .
Once he came , his mother asked him to up quickly acting that she was tired .
He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued hi way .
His wife walked behind him until they reach home but his mother claimed that his wife told her cruel words and acted that she was crying .
Michael believed his mother although he observed marks of hitting on his wife 's shape .
He fired his wife after insulting her .
She was shocked and apologized about a mistake she did not commit .
But his mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The light bulb .
The light bulb was created on 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
This was one of the everyday invents that affects our lives .
Edison said to created the first comercially practical incandescent light .
He was neither the first nor the only person trying to invent an incandescent light bulb .
Some historians claim there were 20 over inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
( taken from www.bulbs.com )
Edison began a serious research about the incandescent light bulb on October of 1878 , and his original design were in 1879 .
Edison and his research team did his discovery comercialy and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live actually .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
Everyone eagerly waiting for the ambulance arrival but still not yet reached the reason is our college location is little far from the city that 's why it is getting late .
We were waiting patiently , finally the ambulance arrived and take him into the hospital immediately .
Lately I have seen a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
I was interested if I could write such an article and win a prize .
And I decided to try .
Nowadays healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
And as for me I 've been going in for sport for several years .
What is my favourite kind of sport ?
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
Why did I choose it ?
I want to be fit and have a good health .
I lost several kilos and I could wear my favourite clothes .
It became possible for me to run easily .
I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .
Go to sports gyms , be active and you will feel in another way .
You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .
Sport is like drugs .
If you do n't have training for a long time your body will feel something unusual .
Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to fulfil any difficult job .
People will look at your figure enviously .
Describe your bedroom .
My bedroom is quite big .
The wall of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow drowers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't nave any posters .
I am living at São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , from Brazil .
In my city the environment 's protection is so difficult .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado closer to Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area will be used to construct a new building of University .
We have done several movements , but sometimes is not worked .
Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environment ; for example , the Hall stopped with garbage 's selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .
It demonstrate the effort was done in the last 10 years it was over because the new political position of the major .
It is so stupid because the environment need to be over then political position .
Third , we have not founded a green political to eliminate rubbish .
Instead to use a selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have used the dumpfill that is prejudice the soil .
At last , the population , in majority of the times , does n't matter to throw away the garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my city , the concern of the environment 's protection do not working how it is necessary to protection of soil , environment and healthy .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
They damcare about environment because that does n't gave anything to them .
Managemant acountant practice is very important for organization to making decision about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
Most of the organizations known how is affect managemant acountant practice on them work , therefore they are chossing good programme and employee .
I have been in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .
At first , I had called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight before two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing agent .
I believed in him , but I did n't know how I was wrong .
He had booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because in that moment he had n't got cash enough on him .
