I have my own plan too but I do n't same to them , I want to become a Journalist .
Working as a Journalist is very exciting because many reasons .
First , I will have an opportunity to live abroad .
Second , I can travel all around the world , meet different people who are very friendly .
Next , I will have a chance appear in big parties or events and I can make friends with famous person - It 's interesting !
Finally , I will have high salary when I am Journalist .
To be Journalist , I must study very hard so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream comes true .
In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
Now days each family has more then 1 car for each one , this is only one of few reason that people use less public transport .
Before was really convenient to go by bus or by train but with the new economy the travel tickets are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go far then near .
I remember from my town Palermo in Italy to go to Milan was about 340 pounds , now if we are lucky we can arrive to New York .
In England where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .
I 'm sure in the future there will be car able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
Furthermore , the biggest group of positive feeling students in the present is live with various nationalities .
The possible reason is these international students can not speak English flowing .
They usually lack of language and can not open a debate .
It is restrict to argue .
In the other side , they might be wanted to safeguard national image .
In order to give a good image and show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalities .
MORE THAN KIP FIT !
Do you know mountain biking ?
Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .
You 're wrong .
Follow reading to know why!.
I 'm keen on mountain biking since three years ago .
Firstly , I tried with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
The main reason why I wanted to prove was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
However , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while I was doing sport .
Consequently , I realized that although ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed the best breathing pure air and taking pleasure the countryside .
If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to pursue a good mountain bike .
It 's important to avoid accidents , become comfortable and have a good journey .
Secondly , he or she would buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .
I love this sport . I look forward to the weakened , to go out with my bike and my group of friends .
All of us spend a good time .
And I would like to encourage everybody to prove .
Nobody wo n't regret it .
Lucy Keyes
Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I 've seen .
I do n't recommend it to children lower than thirteen years old ,
because it 's difficult to understand ; for example , the characters are ,
Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .
The movie is about Lucy 's family that moves into a farmhouse , mysterious and
scary .
Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters
from a story their mom read often .
The story actually takes place in a camp , and farmhouse , mysteriously
used in other times .
It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that
had a weird painting of two sisters just like her 's , the same ones also of the
story she read .
I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..
The best place for young people in our aree is without doubt the lake .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
leisure time together .
Dear husband ,
I hope you 're fine .
I remember all of you and miss my family .
Leaving my country , Soamlia , was very hard for me .
I miss my big house but I do n't miss the guns .
I hope to return to my country and see you again .
In the following decades revolution and civil smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
Britain alone escaped almost unscathed from these years of unrest .
There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .
I really like to travel , but I like the most when I travel with friends .
I a very good experience .
I love to travel with my family .
is different to tavel with friends that travel with family .
I do not travel too much with my friends .
I just have had traveled two times .
Those two times has been with the orchestra that I play .
Once we went to Zacatecas .
We went there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .
In that time I did not know nobody , just one .
Her name is irixhi .
She was my friend , because we are from the same town .
But when I was there I began to make new friends that I never thougth I was going to have , and I never thoungth the way that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
We stayed in Zacatecas like a week we really had a good time .
The second trip that I made was to Guerrero .
We went to play to Acapulco , to an event that unuversities from Mexico go and present like cultural activities .
There was too hot .
In Acapulco I had a good time because I stay in the same room that my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
Then we went to Taxco .
There we visit the central park and we stay in a very luxury hotel .
We were very happy there we really like Taxco .
Actually I was already been there before but not with my friends .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there that was an incledible experience that I will never forget .
then we return to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
And now I have to pass my subjects .
We hope to go to Colombia next year .
I like biathlon .
Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .
In biathlon sportsmen need to run some races , which a very different , some of that are long , some are short .
But , short distance does n't mean it 's will be easy or something like that .
Sometimes weather conditions are not comfortable for guys , for example : wind , light frog or freeze , all of that are very difficult conditions .
So , it 's not so easy like it seems .
That 's why I like it .
This sport are for real men .
And also most of them are very attractive , big advantage for girls , whose like nice pictures .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
That is what everyone say when we ask if they prefer public transport or car .
Using public transport can be not easy , because we have a strict time and normally we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely desconfortable .
Sometimes the employers do strike and we clients do not known in time as a result we can not get on time to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but the public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantange are not so good actually .
For me car is the best and you ?
Well however your choice is , it is necessary to be perfect for your daily life !
However you use Have a nice trip !
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema 's enthusiast , and they are in the correct way . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film especially when it is a thriller than doing sport ,
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job due to that , the spectators were waiting with bated breath as the final of this film will be .
Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , which was performed by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
What 's more , the plot is easy in order to understand .
The history took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by the doctors and cientifics .
Moreover , customs , make - up and special effects became ever more in reality the story .
However , the soundtrack was awful , it did n't get having a scared .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you had spent a good time given than it achieves keeping in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In addition , you wo n't have better opportunity to see it than this week , because just moment in Spain the festival 's cinema is happening .
You should take advantage of that !
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve because my country is so poor and beside it is considered one of third world countries and another think must be taken into consideration is they the politicians are horrible they have destroyed my country
When we ask ourselves , how can we take care of the environment ?
The first thing that we think is the pollution , the car smoke , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought in the food or clothes ?
perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o similar to carry at home this food or other things .
We can take a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to buy in each shop , we do n't spend more piece of plastic or paper .
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .
Also in the sort way , we should go walking to the destination.icle
