Metro is the most comfortable way of transportation in Moscow .
Metro is only one that I use in the city .
Using a ground transportation is not comfortable because of traffic .
Just a few years ago we started to use a special road line .
But the problem is Russian drivers are not getting used to keep this line free .
Moscow traffic is awful .
Everyone is in a hurry .
There is no difference if you use car or bus .
For example American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train , I mean come in exact time like a train .
That 's my dream"when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I achieved my dream .
In this faculty I faced some problems with my english , I began to ask " How can I improve my english ? "
all of the answer was " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " I said okay I have to depend on myself , I began to join groups on facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others , I followed them immediately .
I am in my way to improve my english , I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
My dream is that I want to open a Center for Language Learning ,
to teach children and adults in my country good English and I will avoid traditional education .
the best thing that can encourage me to open this center that I have in my country 5 friends who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy for joining me in my center .
I know that is a very amazing dream but I pray Allah to give me all means to achieve my future dream .
Alex , I and my friends will go to the cinema at the weekend .
Would do you please join us ?
We will see an action movie .
If you will join , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give stimolous for consumers .
One day in October , Michael a boy was studying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a box , he heard a door .
In this moment a big man went into the bedroom .
This man was his father , who had dead .
Michael was very nervous and confused because he did n't understand anything .
He spoke with his father and he asked him because he was there and his father responded that he had the biggest secret about his family .
" In the past Matilde your mother killed your brother , although she had a reason , he was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
But Michael did not believe this story and he thought that he was crazy .
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mrs Kate ,
I want working in our cafe .
I like a many food and drink .
I work in a coffee last year in my country . I can work long time .
Sincerely ,
Tracy
How are you ?
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number , it could be a mistake by service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure already sent to service centers .
In issued notice it clearly states that all defect parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than invoicing service center for not following instructions .
So please advise all service centers to return defect parts to Slovakia instead of England .
Nowadays , sport is very important part our life .
Many doctors recommended the practice of sport , because it is very healthy for our body and for mind .
Every day , there are many articles and news information that talking about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
My favourite sport is swimming because as soon as start this sport you feel better .
In spite of you do n't lost weight , you can win endurance and flexibility .
When I am stay in water I feel free and very hastily .
Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but also you do a lot of exercise .
However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired , is different , at the same time is fantastic !
On the one hand , my advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little will power because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone you get in a pool !
On the other hand , my other advice is that I am very sure that you will feel wonderful and happy!May be not at first time , but sure later .
I promise you that it will be this way .
In conclusion , sport is very necessary and useful for you can improve your life .
You start and then you explain to me how are you ?
About Me
Hi my name is Christian but my friends call me chris .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13 july .
I was born on friday the 13 , that 's funny .
I was adopted from south Korea .
I like to play football and floorball , I like also to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
I got 1 sister , her name is Tina , she is annoying .
She 's 9 or 10 years old I do n't really know .
I like to be in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do nt like homework but I do nt forget it , I am good to tease my little sister and I am proud of it .
I also got an cat her name is chelsea .My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I see forward to friday when I am going to cinema with my friends , we 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
My favorite is Narnia .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 jump street , Lord of the rings , The tv - show : suits , The walking dead and maybe south park and family guy .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
I do n't like to read but I like music , good music .
I like alot of artist and a lot of different music genres .
I like all from pop , electronic , hip hop to calm music .
I am watching a few tv - series but I watch them over the internet so I am not trying to time the clock to see a episode .
I like the restaurant we ate on when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
Hi my name is Elliot and I like tv games and lego .
I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talk English " when I talk English .
I know that I have not wraithen it but I have a brother .
He is 9 years old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the time .
I mean when he wants something he just said give me that .
I have two parents like the most people .
My mums name is Jenny and my dads name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
I do n't know so many parents but whatever .
I like books too but I ca n't read so good so I am not reading so hard books with hundreds of pages .
I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackson .
I like to talk English at school too but my friends do n't like when I talk it in school so I talk Swedish ther .
My fewrit lechon is the Swedish lections because that I like to write histories .
My bests friends name is Viktor and he is really fun and like him .
My family livs in a
Hi Daniel ,
How are you ? I am going to describe me so you will be able to reconize me when we meet at the train station .
I am tall , around 2 meters , black hair and blue eyes .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and a yellow short .
I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at the gate number seven .
Kind Regards ,
Rafael
I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .
he likes to play guitar in free time and likes to go out with friends .
Nowadays , we are in the age of internet .
A flat world is created by the internet connection .
We have our knowledge easier and we learn more easier too .
This is a power of the information technology .
The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
They help us to communication to the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things and we loss more time for many interesting others .
But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : , communication , ...
On another hand , we still have many other technologies to create many useful machines , on - side services to help our life is better and better day by day .
Transportation help us going abroad more quickly , even come to the space by a tour .
It is amazing for you if you have enough money to pay for that tour .
We feel more happy , comfortable and refresh after something like that .
Biography technology gives us more food .
Chemistry gives us more tablets .
Yes , we are solving many trouble with our technology for our feeling , our healthy and our finance too .
You can join to any stock market on over the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stock too and earn some money .
You take the world on your hands with technology to help your life better and better actually but It is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
How can I help the environment ?
How can a group of friends help the environment ?
This year me and my friends are going to help Parque Corgo from the recent forest fire .
We are worried that if the trees do n't get planed soon they will never grow up again .
That is the reason why we are going to plant there 1000 trees .
Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
Public transport have improved the regional development since the past decade , it 's convenient and necessary for a city life .
But when it comes to travel , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not like to go where everybody goes .
If you have a car , you can go anywhere you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .
It 's more flexible for your travel plan .
And , it 's really enough development in our planet , it would be better if we can leave some place blanked , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Save some nature to the earth , and leave clear air for our kids .
Build public transport in a city , not in a country .
My favorite sport game is Cricket .
It is very important and very enjoyable game .
Today cricket is very famous game in the world .
Among them cricket is very famous in Sri Lanka .
We could go to in the world from cricket .
It is very great .
Today we have clever cricketers and famous amperes than other countries .
It is very valuable .
Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous country for cricket game .
But those countries are very developed and they have any facilities .
But Sri Lanka is developing country yet .
They have no facilities than other countries .
But Sri Lanka cricket team could won the World cup 2014 .
It is very important opportunities in our countries .
So as I think I can enjoy in cricket than other games .
You can start the cricket game .
And you can earn more money and you can go to other countries .
Today we have lots of sports games .
Volley ball , Net ball , Elle , Table tennis , Karate , etc .
But it is not famous and we could n't go to in the world .
But cricket is very famous and we know any cricketers .
We can be a famous and earn more money .
Cricket is good for our health than other games .
In my opinion cricket is best for you . You can be a good cricketer .
You do not what to do ?
Are you a tourist ?
Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?
If I am right continou reading this .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops since clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shoes shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need it is not incredible ?
But for some of them you have to search very well because some of the shops are unique and some other are very good hidden , but for that you have specialized transports that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go
Hi ,
You wo n't believe what I did last month !
I worked at the backstage of rock concert !
It was such a great experience for me .
I applied in one music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage is working .
What was mny job ?
Mostly I helped others an carried the stuff .
I enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far .
It was quite stressful but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .
People were singing and shouting - they all seem to be really happy .
I hope I will do that again once .
See you arrond
Steve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .
Poland is really beautiful and you choose it wisely .
I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .
It 's heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people from here .
Every big city in Poland is very similar to each other .
If you want to relax you can also go to mountains or sea .
Even there you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
But let 's talk about work there .
We appreciate kind and hard working people .
But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .
Rate is pretty low .
But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .
Take care
Ola
Hi Paty .
I 'm going to tell you about me .
My name is Agustina López I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
I 'm fifteen years old .
Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again )
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate in my home , with my familiy anda some friends .
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running and I love the fashion very much like the shoes , make up , bags and clothes .
This summer was the best I went to cuchilla alta with my best friends their name are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Lucía .
I have a great time with them .
I also went to piriapolis with my family and all the days .
I went to the beach , we loved .
I like English because it is very important to know other langeuge to communicate with other people and ir I go to another country it is very inportan to know English .
I think that it it very interesting and I like it
Dear pen friend ,
Hello , how are you ?
I hope you are fine when you read this letter .
I am very well and everything is all right .
Well , I write to tell about my last summer .
I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it unless my friend Lucy who encouraged me .
The staff is really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were gentle all time .
I learnt lots of things such as dealing with money and tickets and watch movies freely .
We got work at four in the afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off that I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met hansome guys .
This summer was really great .
I recommend you to try this kind of job in case you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .
Lots of kisses and hugs , please write soon
Love
Giselle
In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in the traffic jam .
Firstly as everybody know the cost of the fuel is increasing more and more , adding to those the bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper go around by public transport .
Why then there still be so many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of seat comfortably on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?
I would say that this is because the public transport are not so efficient as the should do .
In my town for example , I have been Waiting for up to forty minutes before I could take a bus .
I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would live their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .
In conclusion I would really like that politicians who care about public transport will improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and move around much more easily .
The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .
You see man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefere to travel by tram .
It is cheap and eloquence .
I play basketball on weekends since I am little .
I also like to play baseball , too .
I can play basketball and baseball like no tomorrow .
I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .
I play with them on the playground .
I ca n't image the life without sports .
In the today society .
The most people are travelling by their car , because the public transport was not convenient for people to use .
Maybe , in fact the lands are more big , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
The general transport constructions can divided three levels .
On the lands , the railroad and highway is the go through the most city roads .
In the sea , include the route and port construction .
In the sky , include airplane flights and airport construction .
The transport construction and economic development has a close relationship , and utilized of land are more important .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but construc of seaport and airport must with congenital condition .
When integrate of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport constrcutions are convenient for people to use .
I am going to write about how live is going to change in the next 50 years .
Although we do n't realised we have to be conscious
that every day is a different day if we compare with the one has passed .
Some years ago we did n't use the technology to get in touch with friends and family but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
some people who they ca n't live without it .
I am speaking about the mobile how it changed our life .
It 's normal
that in the next 50 years it is going to change .
It will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things but maybe some bad things too .
To sum up , although we do n't want that our life changed it is normal that it will have different changes .
It is necessary for our lives to have or to feel that we are getting better .
My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for our mind .
It also helps us in studies .
I agree that it 's not physical exercise but a mental one .
