Eating habit in my country really has changeged in the last ten years .
it 's r is n't clear complety , but I sopuse it depends on chenging habit of life in developing process of our sosiety .
At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
Now , we forget big dinner table that are fulled with family members .
But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .
The truth of matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but unfortunately I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
However I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .
That was the best place I had ever been .
we went to New York for four days .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
While I was at the bathroom , me cousin was smoking .
When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry during the whole flight .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
I think I will go back next year .
It was a well planned for a holiday .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John decided take a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
They search for tickets flight , rental car , and hotel .
They were too excited and can not wait to go there .
About one month before departure , they search over the internet the places that might get interested in their mind .
There are Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and the most exciting is to buy chocolates .
One day before going , Michael suddenly having a problem .
He needs to follow his family to the town .
With all his hurt heart , he told his two friends about the matter .
Adam and John was very angry .
They said , they already planned and Michael happily ruined the vacation .
They need to think again about the budget and all of the stuff .
Michael can not stand anymore , he scolded his friends and saying something that anyone do not want to hear .
His mother heard what had happened .
She try to have a slow talk with her son at his room .
She said , money can make everyone hurt if it is not settle down very well .
After all the wise advises , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
Michael try to think again wisely .
He accompany his mother at the end of his room 's door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He called back his friends and manage to settle down all the mess up .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic after they arrived they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn they waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
she was very fine
There is a man who is most important for one 's life .
I am not different from that.there is a back stairs influence in my life he is none but my father .
I respect him so much and admire also .
He is my best friend who never hurts me .
He always helps me by giving good advance .
He is an ideal farmer who never and even tells a lie .
His means of livelihood is the simplest .
He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember one day he was advising me suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .
Nevertheless my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
he is a fluent speaker .
that 's why I admire him .
Everyone make mistakes , No one say I have not made any mistake in my life .
I have made many mistake I guess .
But is that big problem in our life or small problem or it really does not matter ?
Or do you really regretted what have you done ?
Travelling by car plays an important role in our life .
There are a lot of private transport in the streets .
However travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not such convenient as getting a car , but you would never know what can happen with your car , where it will stuck or some of other accedient will happen .
Public transport has a timetable .
This fact gives government such opportunity as manage the traffic on the roads , cities or towns streets .
Private transport give us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
We are getting nervous because we are responsible not only for our life but other people , too .
And also we have to understand that use public transport is cheaper than use a car .
The other side of the problem is ecology .
Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?
What can we say about our ecological consciousness ?
Let 's take a bicycle travelling to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
Transport is more important for our life .
Public transport is becoming no future because of travelling by car is more convenient .
Public transport are not suitable for luggage 's .
Travell plan need to depend on public transport time .
It is more fun when we travelling by car .
We can play music or talk anything while we travel in the car
Public transport is more boring .
If there is no Public transport in some area , then we need to hire taxi .
So If we have our car , it is much easier than using transport .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ?
Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .
Hong Kong is wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing country .
You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
Visiting Big Budda in Lamma Island , watch the beautiful night view in the Peak .
Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hikking .
I am sure that you will love this country !
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you can teach English for summer lesson .
In Hong Kong , most of student would like to take some courses in Summer Holiday .
I will get some information for you if you have interest it .
Write to me if you have fixed your itinerary and looking forward to see you in Hong Kong .
Ta
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will deliver us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car , yes , a car we have been using all our lives .
But this time will be another story because in order to save time and money we are going to use our own car .
Let me explain my reasons , when you drive your car you can take it from your garage or in the main door of your house and it gets you whatever you want , but on the other hand if you take public transport it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you must pick the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time , otherwise is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have some coins to pay the bus driver ? here comes the problem .
You should look for a shop to exchange your money into coins .
What 's the time , then ?
Obviously you are late to work , even if you have an appointment to make an interview for a job .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She read a note from her boyfriend Tom .
She must go to a shopping centre because Tom is waiting for her in the shopping centre .
They go to a new film about James Bond .
Alison is very happy because she did not see Tom for two months .
he must study in a different country and they not see each other for months .
Tom is sutding in London .
Alison go to a bus stop and she waiting for a bus .
She can not wait to see Tom .
When she arrived at a shopping centre Tom is already waiting .
They want to spend all evening together .
The lion king is my favourite film .
It is the story about a little lion and his life .
Symba is the main character .
He must began to be the king .
He lives on the wild .
His father saves him of a fight but he died and Symba is sad .
He moves to another place because he did n't want to be on the same place where his father died .
But he knows Timon and Pumba and they get that Symba believe again that life is good .
Then , Symba save to Pumba of a lion and this lion is Nala who is an old friend of Symba .
They return and Symba gets to be the lion king .
I would recommend this film because it is funny , entertaining and you can learn principles .
My name is shousheng and live in Montreal Canada .
Alrough Canada is an English country however in Montreal , the offical language is Freach .
So I do not have opptunity to practical English Because most of my colleagues speak French .
They speak French in the meeting , in the gearm , and in the shopping
My favourite sport is running .
When I have a free time I usually run because I feel really relaxed after that .
I started this sport six years ago and I found myself .
When I stop doing it for a week , I feel that there is something missing and I 'm not in a good shape .
I advise everyone to start this sport .
In the fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .
But it 's very important for your health .
Running will help you burn calories and make you calm and relaxed .
My favourite sport is football .
I like football because it improves my basic skills and my mind does not take that much stress .
Football is really good because it is an active sport .
It is bewildering !
I was inspired by a true ledgend , his name is Edan Hazard .
He plays for Chelsea .
My favourite teams are Chelsea , Man city , Man united , Real madrid and barcelona .
That all I can say . I love football very much
yes we can say that for car is much convenient . but every person could not be afford car .
even that price behind fuel for car .
that 's first fact .
and the second one is that fashion or style of young people who do n't like more go somewhere using a car than bike .
after that last point we can not go everywhere using a car we would like .
that have limitation also there .
might be somany people are liking because there are so many service with it .
but it does not means that public transport is not having future .
that fact behind sense because maintainance of public transport is not responsiblity of traveler .
if we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is most need service in big city as well as small villeges .
It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city like Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only best ones .
Let 's look at the most popular places where tourists prefer spending their free time in Moscow .
I 'm sure i 'll agree that the Red Square is the most popular sight in captial of Russia .
That 's why I suggest starting the journey from this place .
You can get there by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .
From the Red Square you can easily see Moscow Kremlin , St. Basils Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Trading House .
If you are dying of hunger you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at the restaurant # 57 , which on the the third floor of the Gum .
I prefer spending my free time in the parks .
Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure .
It 's a capital 's central park where you 'll wind lots of interesting affairs .
There are lots of facilities such as sports centre , ping pong club , hire centre etc .
There is an open - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 PM .
So , if you want to have a memorable holiday , the capital of Russia is the most attractive place .
My friend 's name is Kadir .
He is from Giresun .
He likes playing mobile phone , playing basketball and reading a book .
He is hobbies listen to music , play computer game , watch the football match and watch TV .
These are my friends hobbies .
I 'd like to talk about my past .
I 'm only fifteen years old but I think I have a heavy past ..
First , I 've always lived in a kind of little flat which is a social logement .
We did n't have a lot of money but I went to a private elementary school .
There were a lot of rich people , maybe we were about ten to one hundred not living in a house .
I had a lot of friends , too much friends ..
At sixth grade , I realized that they did n't really love me , or even like me .
I remember two contrats moments : One day we had to create a team to make an exercise which used brain , they chose me .
Although , another time , we had to create a team for doing sport , and they did n't choose me .
That get to the second problem I had , and stay now : my weight .
They did n't choose me because of my weight .
I was too fat , too much fat .. I looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I 'm four years old .
Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then all changed ..
Learning English is very important by the future of all .
Is a language that many people speak and known .
Many people start learning English at school .
Later , the people continue in language schools .
Is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .
In an English speaking country , everyday you learn to live .
People speaking different but with a basic level understand English .
It is difficult to go to a place unknown with different people but is a good experience to learn .
I think if the whole world has only one language would be better .
Everyone could speak and understand .
Not so , therefore , we must study very English .
Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was facing with failures and kept telling myself that was n't a big shame because I had had tried my best .
Thus , I became more mature because I overcame those hard times .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it with my own or with my friends , and because it 's very useful for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
sometimes I feel tired of walking especially in the sunny days with a high temperatures , but that ca n't let me stop doing this sport .
when I 'm walking , that can refresh me all the time and makes me feeling good .
I want to give advice to people who love thing type of sport ; please do not let it go , and do it as you can , because it 's a benefit sport .
Hi , everyone .
its good idea to improve my English writing .
I 'd like to speak the education process in Egypt .
I have just graduated from faculty of law " English division " from two years ago , with very good grade .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had exerted in my university to have good job in my specialization like a lawyer .
But in Egypt no one takes his right you should pay a lot of money to have a job or knowing someone use his authority to appoint you .
So , I intended to get a job in another state like Dubai , I heard jobs there is very good and also the compensation . I have submit my CV in various jobs .
but what is the common reply ?
your qualifications are not satisfied , You must be UK Or USA educated .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks in education but not have the ability to work in the real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
Thanks .
1 ) I like helping people
2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinema .
3 ) Meryy refused borrowing money .
4 ) Can we afford to purchase a car next year ?
5 ) I look forward to meet you .
6 ) The movie I watched made me cry .
I do not think , it 's easy to do research in India .
Even if once a time , I want to focus on my work they will create one or the other issue to distract me .
I will make my own path , though it will be difficult for me .
But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight with the system .
We generally use the word " stress " when we feel that everything seems to have become too much - we are overloaded and wonder whether we really can cope with the pressures placed upon us .
We can change everything hurt us if we need if we have volition
The reasons for stress are more diverse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplems or because we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
Remmeber the stress is not lasting thing , and you can avoid it
But if you are willing to live in happy life .
Dear Sir
I am writing to complain about the cafe - Lunch menu .
In my opinion the main course needs a lack of improvement .
Firstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have much choice of vegetables .
Secondly there are not much variety of dessert mainly fruits and puddings .
There is not much variety of healthy drinks , there not much hot drinks as well .
Some people say that in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan e.c.t and they do not have much variety of food to choose like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
It is considered that you change the type of food regularly .
Reduce the fast food that make people obese and not healthy .
It will be better if you gave drinks compared to the weather like whenever its winter we would like a hot drink and if it is summer we would like a chilled drink .
I hope you consider this major problem in the cafe .
Thank you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I 'm writing to you regarding of a letter I 've seen on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy in your cafe staff .
As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and currently looking for a job that does n't disrupt my studies at college .
For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my incoming helping me paying my bills .
Now I am twenty fiver years old and when I was teenager I lived abroad twice .
The first time in London , for 6 months , and most recently in Berlin , for 8 months .
the movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " the purge "
I actually loved it quite a lot , I just loved all the suspense and the parts they leave you hanging , it 's just way too interesting , the movie is about the american government who annually gives 12 hours where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whoever you want .
The thing is , some people do n't think it 's ok , and they do n't agree , so they just stay inside and try to survive the night .
The diagrams illustrates the process about producing bank notes .
At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed considering the colour matching and artwork including the issues about safety .
After designing , metal plates are supposed to be prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
Then , it comes to the printing step .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , image is increased gently by a certain type of ink .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked whether they are of perfect quality or not .
They can only be packed and distributed when they are with good quality .
In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are seperated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from going into the market .
