There are many physical exercises like swimming but name any game except chess that makes our mind sharp .
I like many other games but the best one is this .
I am not saying that we should always play chess as physical activities are also important .
The reason why I would advise someone this sport is that the children who are not interested in there studies or would not be able to study .
In that case chess would help him .It would make child mind sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .
Local transportation is one of the most problem in our area .
The local transportation become difficult and expensive .
so the government must take an action to make it easy .
Public media also must educate people the importance of Local translation and how they preserve it .
The Government must save the gasoline and jazz to resolve the problem .
they must find a solution to this difficult problem .
They must maintain roads .
People also have an important role to solve this problem .
They should reserve the energy by using bus instead of using their own cars .
They also can walk or ride a cycle .
Government must maintain the public transportation and make it safe .
We can solve this problem if we want that .
I have thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers , above all , and making no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever you choose , such as spinning , that is my favourite sport .
My piece of advice to take up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is interesting for your health .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythmn of the music lowder and lowder , this gives me high energy each time I went spinning .
If you want to start practising some sport , first of all think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you are having a good time go ahead and do the most of your time enjoying sport , nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
the more sport you practise the better you feel , indeed , your mood would not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .
If we take a look on the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities almost all people go to work by public transport .
The advantage they get is the following : They dont't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
These people also help to protect the environment by saving our natural resources like petrol .
To conclure , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there are no doubts that the public transport system would be less convenient than travelling by car .
The process how to make the notes for the bank can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
First , the bank notes should be considerated how to design included background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then , they are supposed to prepare a skiled machinists .
Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .
The notes have special link with colour on both sides , which raised images slightly .
The most important step is inspect the notes which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separately and packed into cars in order to dispatach all over the city .
If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed through burning .
Sport is very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
It keeps our body strong .
Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really fits ourselves .
I enjoy running .
It is a kind of thing that everybody can do and it effects all parts of my body .
I literally feel myself stronger after every time I run .
There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution .
The public transport offers a possible solution for the problem , because much people can transported in one vehicle .
The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .
However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .
Firstly , public transport should be made free .
The government should raise taxes for pay for the service .
Cars are generally more expensive .
First , I think the public transport is more expensive .
And if we compare the money you spend with the car and the amount that you spend with the public transport , it is less .
Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
I believe that use your car has a lot of advantages or benefits , it is more comfartable and less expensive .
last summer i worked at cinema.i think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
The minus of this work is very big salary and i think that i will work at this cinema on the next summer .
My favourite sport is doing yoga .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
Yoga calms und vitalizes body and mind .
I do yoga at least one hour every day .
From Monday to Friday I do it at home , at weekends I attend yoga classes .
Yoga is a very convenient sport .
We can do it at any time as we like .
But if you are beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
You can learn correct Postures in classes .
After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking , Man has been able to invent machines , which they have been put to work automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people form hard work .
The result is much less work and a better life .
The disadvantage , however , is that because of the machines many people have lost their jobs
Dear Jo
I read your letter , I would like to know some details about what places do you want to visit .
I advise you to visit Queretaro it has had an excellent service with foreign people since five years ago .
Talking about your new job , I was searching some vacancies however it required a job for full - time , so I am going to continue searching some jobs of part - time .
See you when you arrive at Mexico City
Sincerely
Uriel
Nowadays people get around constantly .
It 's better use public transport or private transport ?
Well , ecologists say that get around using transport public is more beneficial for the environment than using the car or motorbike .
In recent years the numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .
But actually does it has a future ?
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable than have to run to take the bus , wait the train , etc .
This is a fact which indicates the public transport there is no future in our society .
Other signals are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .
But if you take the bus , you have to take down in a bus stop , maybe a bit far from where you want to go .
Also it has to say that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , use public transport wo n't be necessary .
yeah i think it 's statement is quite right because every person have car now a days .
transport are are important but car is more reliable for families they went together without waiting for transport .
more flexible with a lot fun with family .
I live in a city named Tangerang it is in Indonesia .
The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .
it caused our river some big problems such as disease , unpleasant smell , flood , etc .
i myself , by seeing the river filled with garbage , always seems to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant look from the garbage .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by Carbon dioxide and the other materials .
And also , after the river , the road in the city is also contaminated by the garbage .
garbage everywhere .
the condition of my country is really critical , I guess .
And the amount of the city 's garden does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in that city .
There are a lot of high - rise building and it provokes flood along the high - rise building 's section .
I wonder if the citizen in my country and town could make a better environment area by throwing garbage on its place and try using an eco - friendly transportation .
And the government , pls do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
yes , be strict .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizen to be more responsible for what they did . and , I think it 's enough from me .
I suppose , the government also have studied this situation too .
But they did n't do that much after knowing this truth .
I hope Indonesian government take an action about this situation because if it continues then Indonesia would be the most unclean country over the other countries .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She looked like happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friend what had happened .
After the class Alison joined her friends .
She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she was fallen in love , had written a letter for her .
Then the friends could not left to pay attention in the Alison 's words .
She transcribed the letter with a lot of passion because it was evident that Juan was interested in Alison too .
While all girls was hearding to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
Alison was like tomato and all her friends laughed at her .
The boy felt very embarrassed , therefore he carried on his ways and he did not say nothing to her .
Alison always through : " If I would not have told this story to my friends I had passed all evening with Juan "
I think that for the public transport there is a future , because over time the gasoline prices and the value of the reparations of the vehicles increase .
Like in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .
My relaxing activity
Swimming has been always my favourite sport .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was in the school to learn and it became in my favourite activity when I was really tired .
I was with my sister and my friends and I spent a wonderful moment .
Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in the back so that going swimming is really beneficial for me .
In recent days I found out a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
To begginers in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
Swimming is one of the best sport to practise it is due to require all parts of the body .
For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy .
There are lots of problems in our life .
For example : Transport .
There are lots of kinds of Transportation as Buses , cars , Subways , Trains or taixs .
May be they are comfortable , teribble , essay , dengerous or avrage .
If you are late , you can use subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
Cars and buses become dengerous and make Problem in the street .
My view of eating habits .
Why does our brain think about food every day ?
Why have you fridge in every single home ?
Why ..... ?
Every day people thinking about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food , why ?
Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habits ?
How often do you open your fridge ?
How many times are you going to shop for some snacks ?
What happened with us .....
I remembered that my childhood was very quite , happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Really , I told you that I was like a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portion : soup and meal deal .
So we can started from beginning : firstly , was breakfast which included some cereals with hot milk .
Secondly , was lunch at school like sandwich and some fruit .
After I was in home on dinner time and some dessert .
Could you see how easy and regular life I have got .
My " private menu " included fresh eat like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options healthy food .
Now , I am 28 year old woman who does n't has time for normally dinner because I 'm a very busy .
Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee but more than often just has time for half mug and runs to work .
During a day I have lunch which is from can or order some junky food .
Later , I order take away from Chinese buffet or any pizza .
When weekend coming I have a plan for special dinner which is like home made but do n't have time again .
What happened with my healthy life which I want to have when I was a child ?
Why everything look like more difficult and hard than were before ?
Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She went to the station train and get a ticket to London .
she stayed there and read again the note the address was near to the big ben .
When the train came she smiled and goes up and sit .
She turned her haid and saw him " he was fowling me " she thought"well , I should ask him what are he doing here "
" What are you doing here " ask Alison he looks her but with a bad smile , and turn his head
First of all , finishing high school is a passege of life that indicate the begnin of a new chapter for the students .
Since this moment they will have maturity and responsibility .
Therefore , many of them are not ready for this .
So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you won a bagage of knowledge , culture , discorves and , with all of this , you won personal experencie .
Sometimes , these is able to change a person , making that she or he have a new perception of the world .
However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel , they start to work .
The job , provides , as well the trip , responsibility and experencie .
It changes in a different way the person too .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are old to study in a uniersity .
Beside that , they have differents points of view in many sublects , that is why they may don ' like the fun and the conversation in the social life with the other students .
They can not enjoyed this chapter with oung and fresh thoughts .
Finally , to make a decision to not go in a university when you finish the high school , is n't the easiest action to make .
It is a great dedcision , that bring great consequences and great experencies .
Whatever are the choice , they will have the mark in their lifes forever .
Be careful and choice it well .
Public transport is the backbone of a city .
Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .
If in a city people are using more public transport than their own private vehicle then it will help to protect environment and traffic as well .
But now a days automobile companies are more focused on the improvements of the cars so that the can be more environment friendly and traffic friendly .
Future of public transport will be measure on the basis of advancement of the private vehicle .
Sometime people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
But main concern will be technology .
Technology is being more advanced .
A car is being made so Eco friendly and user friendly that it is more
Many people said that at school all the students have to start a sport and frequent that one regularly .
Is not a good idea because some students have to study all the afternoon for other subjects and the free time is very scant .
AAs an example if a student need to recuperate a subject or have to take a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
In contrast do a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility but the most important thing is that we are always active e our body can get good results .
To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing in regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
I 've seen it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
products list ( I suppose it has been depleted ) .
However , I wonder if you cold tell me when it
would be available again .
Thank in advice for your information .
Yours faithfully
In my opinion , they are not my friend . If your parents are your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
They will consider you as a indpendent people .
Accrodingly , You take responsibitity for what you done .
However , they are not my friends .
There are some reasons , they are not , are as follows .
First of all , I make my every effort to do my job better , however , they only consider that I waste my time doing wrong thing .
Next , they do n't believe my capability is good .
I do everything but nothing .
Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .
They always look at me like a kid never grow up .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe ability .
I am ovewholemed with grief , living with them .
I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .
I prefer staying alone to living with them .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for the education .
In my opinion to watch TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
There is one argument that shows , that the TV promotes us .
The main reason for this is , that the TV is teaching us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
A good example of this are the many informative news , which we are allowed to get .
This clearly shows that the TV is lecturing .
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It definitely is also educating .
Many people argue about the use of TV .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us while others do believe that it can also educate .
However , I think that TV can do both .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun he or she can just choose the right Chanel or movie such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
Meanwhile if an individual wants to learn from TV .
TV provides lots of cognitive programs like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat as well .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people how to deal with problems .
football is the most favourite sport in the World .
Was founded by talented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The Sport was becoming very famous since first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
I really enjoy watching and playing football since I was a kid .
There are several reasons of why people really enjoyed soccer so mush .
Nothing is permanent in this world , I 've knew these words from the mouth of my parents and until now it is in my heart that help me to deal with this kind of life .
Sometimes your happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the wheel of the life we are taking .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar is going , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person have .
Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our life .
It depends on how you deal with what you have at the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect on what you will be in the coming 50 years of your life .
But the most vital part for these changes is yourself .
Everybody has the right one for a change but it should be for the betterment and not for the worse .
With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go through with it .
A complicated ways from before , advance technologies made it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect next .
The digital age has been a big problem for musical industry because the news technologies and internet had helped more the musical piracy .
The people already do not buy a CD , simply downloads it
" Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
It is a shame that a person is working during many moths for after the people want enjoying his work without having to pay , it is literally to steal .
It is like you design a chair and the people to take without paying .
The singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy , now most their income are the concerts and digital platform like Spotify .
I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
Today , many people , groups or social movements are disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , the marriage or the age for married , the role of women in the family , the religions , the education and new ways of family and many values .
This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call to these people as " alternative " , but it is each day more common and it let a inclusive and diverse society .
The culture is changing in this way , maybe it can be wonderful for the human freedom .
CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
